Publicada el 15 de octubre
Dijeron que respetarían los dos finales del primer juego, y no fue así. Arruinaron completamente a Chloe. Terminaron con Pricefield sin motivo alguno, se inventaron una excusa para esto que no tiene sentido con la historia. (Chloe termina con Max porque no quería estar con alguien que rebobinara el tiempo si algo salía mal, sino que quería vivir una vida normal, esto implica que Max siguió usando sus poderes, cosa que no tiene sentido porque nunca los volvió a usar después de lo que pasó con Arcadia Bay). Decknine se ríe de más de la mitad del fandom de Life Is Strange, ojalá queden en bancarrota y DontNod recupere la IP. o alguien que sepa lo que hace con la franquicia. Lamentablemente no puedo reembolsar, así que no queda otra que terminar el juego. En fin, decepción total.

(TERMINÉ EL JUEGO): Dios, es peor de lo que imaginé. El final no tiene sentido ninguno, este juego intenta copiar todo lo que hizo bueno al primer Life is Strange pero sin entender por qué lo hizo bueno. Es como pasar de una película de Tarantino a una película genérica de superheroes, se siente como una falta de respeto al juego original. Un desastre total.
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
Como un fanático de la saga de LiS, estoy completamente decepcionado de esta secuela al juego original. Creo que hay muchas reseñas que explican con más profundidad todo lo que está mal con este juego, pero en resumen: personajes irrelevantes, mal manejo de la historia original y las decisiones que uno toma a lo largo del juego son irrelevantes.

Me quedo con la idea de que es un fanfiction y que esto nunca pasó.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Me vendieron un juego que iba a respetar las decisiones y la historia principal de LIS, pero me encontré con que, primero que todo, no existe tal respeto por los finales (especialmente el de Bae) y despersonifica completamente a los personajes más queridos del juego original (Max y Chloe, ESPECIALMENTE A CHLOE), tomando decisiones sobre estos que no tienen nada que ver con su personalidad. En segundo lugar, la historia en sí comienza súper bien, llena de misterios e intrigante, pero termina de forma súper penosa y burda (capítulo 4 y 5), tratando de imitar lo que fue el primer juego (especialmente en la secuencia de pesadillas del ""Time Vortex""). Creo que el final es lo más débil que he visto y deja mucho que desear para un juego para el cual se paga cerca de la misma cantidad que un juego triple A (para los que pre-ordenamos). Estuve 10 años esperando a que volviera Max, que respetaran mi decisión de salvar a Chloe y que estas estuvieran juntas (no necesariamente Chloe siendo parte relevante de la historia, pero al menos generar una leve presencia), pero NADA. Más encima, generaron grandes expectativas en los fanáticos más acérrimos de la franquicia y simplemente lo desperdiciaron. Por mi lado, pediré el reembolso pues no sólo este juego me hizo perder la fe en esta franquicia y en el trato hacia sus personajes e historias, convirtiéndolo en un universo tipo marvel/avengers, con grandes cabos sueltos en la narrativa, sino que más encima el juego estaba repleto de bugs, malas renderizaciones y optimizado al peo. Finalmente, quiero terminar este desquite con una pregunta. ¿Qué cárajos DeckNine, en qué estaban pensando?

pd. Y como cerecita sobre el pastel, termina con un final abierto para una secuela que nadie pidió y nadie pedirá luego de esta blasfemia que acabamos de jugar, MALÍSIMO.
Publicada el 18 de octubre
I would refund this game but:

1. I've played 7 hours
2. I want to see how the bad story gets (right now is really bad :P)

as a LIS fan, i'm dissapointed of this game

let's hope the ending is not as stupid as i've predicted already (this game's mystery is really not a mystery at all btw)
Publicada el 10 de noviembre
Just finished the last episode a little bit ago, and honestly this is some of the worst writing I've ever seen in a video game.

Here are some of my main issues (spoilers ahead):

- Why didn't Max hide the picture of herself with the gun when Aldermans back was turned? He wasn't looking at her the whole time, she could have easily slipped it into her pocket. Is she stupid?
- There is no build up to Safi's mom ""betraying"" her. It just happens out of the blue with no further context given about her lying about Safi's father or the book deal.
- WHY IS THERE ANOTHER STORM? It seems like the writers of this game completely misunderstood why the storm was in the first game. The first game is all about the butterfly effect, how small choices can lead to big changes. The storm wasn't caused by Max's powers, it was caused by Chloe being alive. There is no reason for the storm to come back other than as a nostalgia bait and a lazy attempt at trying to make things more dramatic.
- Why did Safi even want Max to shoot her in the first place? I feel like it was not made clear at all. And if she wanted to die so badly to prevent whatever she thought was going to happen, why didn't she just do it herself so that Max wouldn't get framed for her death? And why did she take a photo that she knew would incriminate Max? And why would they take the gun from Lucas's pocket if they were trying to prevent Max from ever shooting Safi? ARE THEY STUPID?
- The choices you make throughout the game have basically no impact, and there is functionally one ending. Linear.
- All of the callbacks to LIS felt so cheap and soulless.
- Once Alderman dies, it's revealed that no one remembers him and it seems like it's going to be kind of a big deal, but it's never brought up again? Also the fact that Max can basically help kill him seems completely out of character. They don't even bother to bring this up ever again?
- Why is everyone is so horny for Max in this game?
- Why was the ""nightmare"" sequence a real event that actually happened? In the first game it was made clear that it was just a nightmare happening in Max's mind, but here everyone can see what's going on. It also makes no sense that Max and Safi just walked right into the storm.
- Max's new ability to swap items from one reality to another could have been a cool game play mechanic, but it's only ever used twice in cut scenes.
- The cat content is cute isn't worth paying extra money for. Terrible cash grab from Square.
- Why did flowers bloom in the shape of Safi's body? There's not even a clue as to why that happened.
- The side characters are bland and under utilised. I could not care less about most of them.
- Giving Max the option to accept Safis offer is extremely out of character and is a lazy option for the final choice.
- Safi turning evil does not make a lot of sense. Like most of the game, it lacks buildup and seems to come out of nowhere.
- Why is there some secret third timeline where all the collectable Polaroids are coming from?

I'm sure I could write a lot more, but I'm tired and ready to be over this game. Do not recommend playing at all. You will be disappointed.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
I want to appreciate works for what they are, rather than hating them for what they aren’t. So when I realized this game would not be about , I still trusted Deck Nine to deliver an interesting continuation of Max Caulfield’s story. However, they seemed to outright disrespect the original game throughout Double Exposure. There were elements of the game I enjoyed; Max’s new power where she can move between these two realities is fun and I found myself confusing the two versions of characters in the story. This was by design, and quite fun to keep track of. This power never comes close to reaching the thematic strength of other Life Is Strange powers.

Even aesthetically, Double Exposure struggles to find its footing. There are so many different artistic styles on display and they don’t cohere into a greater identity. Characters from the first game are still represented by their pastel-like character models while Max Caulfield is a 4k real human being, Max’s diary drawings look corporate and cold, when we , and the (limited number of) sets this game has all look like they could belong in any other AAA game. Caledon lacks the charm of even Haven Springs from True Colors, and most of the environments would look in place in a game like Spiderman PS4.

Despite this, the earlier chapters were still pretty enjoyable. The mystery is interesting and kept me engaged through chapter 3. Though I was offput by how horny every character in this game is. It was especially out of character for Max but even in the other characters it was just icky. Both romance options are problematic. So there are no good new romance options. It's in the final two chapters where Deck Nine fumbles the narrative. The game hints for most of the game that This seems like a mockery of what the first game stood for thematically, and . Then the dread sets in. They want to milk this franchise for every penny they can.

This is the first time I have not been excited about the future of this series. The vast majority of the characters in this game don’t get space to develop in meaningful ways. Exploring Max’s trauma is the most interesting thing this game does but there are only a handful of scenes where this is done in nuanced ways. It felt like Deck Nine had a murder mystery written, and then decided to interject Max’s trauma at a few points to justify bringing her character back.

What baffles me is how this game chooses to intentionally upset its core fanbase. They brought back Max Caulfield, which is fan service, but they seem to disrespect the source material in several ways, making this game less appealing to original fans. I was even on board for this initially, this could’ve been a “The Last of Us Part II” style of pissing off the fans. Writing a meaningful story even if it makes fans uncomfortable. But then in the ending they . This read as a clear attempt to profit off of the fans, which I was already suspicious of given the shady nature of the Deluxe Edition monetization. But if they were just in it for the money, why wouldn’t they go all the way with fan service? Why did they even if they knew this upset a number of their fans? Why make both of the romance options problematic? Do they want to separate from the original fanbase and start a new one with Double Exposure? I wanted this game to be good more than any game I've played in years, and I’ve taken away things I enjoyed, but this is definitively the worst game in the series. I hope they can correct course for the future installments, but my hopes aren't high.

Hannah Telle was great though :)
Publicada el 17 de noviembre
Nostalgia sacrificed for ""good"" graphics & money knowing many LiS lovers who gave up after LiS2 would give this a chance. I've played all of the LiS games, loved them even loved True Colours but this one just was a very big let down, zero depth to Max's powers and zero depths to any characters. The best thing about LiS has always been the emotional attachment you gain towards the characters and how much you can bond with them but this game lacked that, even the love interests were pointless. The choices felt like they had no actual effects on the outcome of the game, the choices also lacked depth and overall this ended up feeling like a very ""Talking simulator, do less"" gameplay. It's hard to make a game as good as the first when the OG developers were kicked off their own game because square enix wanted to limit their creative choices in favour of more money. I've personally loved all of the LiS games but this one just lacked everything, I wanted to feel how I felt when I first played the first game but instead I'm left with dissapointed and conflicted feelings because whilst It was great to see Max again & play as her, this just lacked everything the first game gave you as a player. Let this game go square enix and give DONTNOD their game back.
Publicada el 5 de noviembre
Buenos gráficos, excelente música y un rendimiento bueno (lo jugué en GeForce Now con el plan más barato y solo tuve bajadas de frames en algunas ocasiones).

Y eso es todo lo bueno que puedo decir de este juego.

Una historia horrible, con un final pésimo que da pena, personajes vacíos y una mecánica de viajes entre líneas de tiempo que, en cierto punto, se vuelve bastante tediosa. Es un juego que te repite constantemente que tus acciones tendrán consecuencias; sin embargo, ninguna de tus decisiones cambiará el rumbo de la historia, ya que solo contamos con un final.

La belleza de Life is Strange era poder conocer su mundo y vivir una historia llena de belleza y personajes carismáticos. Con este juego, no sé si estoy jugando Life is Strange o viendo una película de los X-Men. Tratan los poderes con tanta relevancia que, hasta cierto punto de la historia, todo gira en torno a eso.

Tendrá sus virtudes, pero, por lo menos, yo me arrepiento de haber precomprado este juego.

No debería ni de llamarse Life is Strange.
Publicada el 1 de noviembre
I wanna start by saying I really wanted to love this game. I do, I think the first three episodes are great, they're enjoyable, they're tense, in the third episode I felt the same amount of tension as the fourth episode of the first game. It's great, the actors are putting in the work, the visuals are amazing.

Unfortunately, it's downhill from here. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game. The writing following the third episode is poorly written, rushed, and it's a completely different storyline afterwards. Next to NO main questions brought up in the first three episodes are answered, and none of your choices matter in ep 4 and 5. The ending is out of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mcu, it's comically bad. The cast bloat and side characters are essentially irrelevant, with side plots that don't matter. Abraxas doesn't matter, there's no payoff for any of the characters or subjects mentioned in the first three episodes, the detective plot just gets forgotten, what happened to him is forgotten, and what stakes are brought up in the third episode regarding time and paradoxes is entirely disregarded for a watered-down, weak and unemotional ending. It's not happy, it's not sad. It's nothing. It doesn't matter, the entire game does not matter because no one has a full character arc, no character changes or shifts, Safi has already made up her mind, none of your choices with her matter at all. The game, essentially, undoes itself in the final episode and that is the final nail in the coffin. No matter what you do or say to Safi, the ending is the same. No matter what you do or say at ANY point in the game, it doesn't matter.

I chose the Bay ending, and I fully believe that this is the only way I could have prevented mischaracterisation of Chloe. I'm not angry she's not in the game, I'm glad, and that says volumes about the writing.

The first 3 episodes are a 6-7/10, the last two are a 4. I cannot tell you how unemotional the ending made me, when the first three episodes made me emotional, it was harkening back to memories from the first game. At no point in this game was I remotely near the same amount of emotional depth that the first game reached. This is not nostalgia (I played the first game this year lol), the writing was just so rushed and poorly timed that all potential points of emotion fell flat. It just..doesn't make sense, not even in a time-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way, in a badly-written way.

I'm not mad, I'm disappointed, which is somehow worse. I love the first game, and I was hoping that this game could continue to expand on Max and the new people around her, and her new powers. But it didn't, and thus, I cannot recommend this game, because it genuinely doesn't feel like it's coherent at all.

:(

....also someone needs to learn how to balance the audio because what the ♥♥♥♥ WHY WAS WAS THE MUSIC SO LOUD
Publicada el 10 de noviembre
Devs make you buy the Ultimate Edition to get all achievements due to needing the cat DLC...
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Dividiré mi reseña en dos.

La primera, para los que esperaban ver ambientación, arte, personajes e historia altamente relacionada con el Life is Strange Original, se van a decepcionar, lo único que comparte esta obra es la protagonista y la trama reciclada.

No tiene continuación alguna con cualquier decisión tomada en el juego anterior, Max vuelve a usar sus poderes sin importarle las consecuencias pasadas, para salvar a su mejor amiga.
Pese a un salto temporal de 9 años, estamos viendo a la Misma Max, La maestra en practica, cuyo desenvolvimiento con los alumnos hace parecer a todos los presentes del juego gente de la misma edad, el diario de Max no esta ni hecho con esfuerzo a diferencia del primero, la tipografía es la misma que la del menú (Interfaz súper básica por cierto), dibujos con arte muy contrastante, a veces como estilo de anime y a veces con el estilo comic/cartoon que caracterizaba a Life is strange.

Fácilmente puedes cambiar el nombre de la protagonista y ligeramente la apariencia y no seria mas que un juego mas de Life is strange, no una secuela.

Como Secuela mi opinión no es calificable, simplemente, NO LO ES. Seria un NADA/10

Ahora, como juego Independiente del anterior, es una obra Maestra en cuanto historia, gráficos, animaciones faciales y música. El Manejo de los poderes esta muy bien implementado. Tiene el largo suficiente, un increíble clímax y desarrollo de Max en cuanto a la aceptación de sus deciciones, un lugar bello donde se desarrolla la historia y gran final.

Califico este juego sin tomar en cuenta la primer parte de la reseña le daría un 9/10, siento que faltan pulir detalles, as como algunos bugs, un diario mas realista y un menú mucho mas llamativo. Lo unico que me impidio disfrutar por completo la historia es que yo esperaba volver a usar a Max y continuar con la historia y arte del 1, fuera de eso, El juego es muy, muy Bueno. Lo jugaría de nuevo.

Gracias.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Seria manito neutral si existiese.
Mis expectativas con life is strange en general son siempre muy bajas, espero que me entretenga y que sus diálogos medio cringe me hagan reir.
Puedo decir que el juego me entretuvo pero la calidad de los capitulos va en caída, siendo el ultimo capitulo absolutamente el peor. Es verdad que hay pocos escenarios y pocos personajes pero la verdad tampoco es que me haya molestado tanto eso.
El sonido es bastante malo, a veces los diálogos se escuchan como si estuvieran adentro de una lata, a veces la música es demasiado alta y casi que no se escuchan bien los diálogos. Muy raro.
No hay ramificaciones de tus decisiones, medio que nada es muy relevante. El nivel de cringe es creo que el peor en todos los life is strange, teniendo en cuenta que max tiene 30 años y se comporta como si tuviera 15. Diria que la max del primer juego es una persona mas madura que la max de este juego.
Yo que se... sos fan y no tenes nada mejor que hacer? Espera a que este en descuento, el juego dura 10hs no más.
5/10
Publicada el 30 de octubre
The original Life is Strange painted a beautiful, deeply moving work of art, and Double Exposure is the toddler that couldn't resist drawing all over it with a purple crayon.
Publicada el 5 de noviembre
Optimizen el juego o minimo metan DLSS que el juego anda fatal, quitando eso el juego tiene buena historia como todo LiS pero lejos de los otros life is strange, le doy un 5 de 10. No aprueba

GOD
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Proof that great performances, pretty graphics and a stellar soundtrack can't carry or save a game from its writing. It's not just bad writing; it's hollow and insincere, and ultimately disrespectful to the original game where the differences between Max's background are superficial at best and biased at worst. If there was anything worthwhile about revisiting Max's story, I did not find it, because there was nothing said or explored about Max's traumas from her previous venture beyond what felt like a very shallow ""get over it and move on with your life"". I love Hannah Telle returning as Max, it's just heartbreaking how much of a disservice Double Exposure feels like to Hannah as a talented actor, Max as a beloved character and even DONTNOD and their own game that started everything in the first place.

You don't feel any weight or consequences to the choices you make in this game, to the point where the ending screens summarising the choices you made include simply taking the easily missable moments to reflect in levels. This was just a bonus delve into your player character's mind in every other game, but here it's a gameplay element treated like a choice that will impact your game in any way, when it absolutely doesn't. It's a baffling small decision that really gets to the heart of the issue; the people behind this game have really misunderstood what makes Life is Strange resonate with fans.

Adding to what I said in the first paragraph (spoilers btw);

There is a strong impression that one of the original endings is painted as the obvious morally good choice, while the other gets looked down on as Double Exposure asks, ""Well, what did you expect?"" DE ignores how both endings of the original are about accepting the consequences of your actions, and how YOU choose to tackle it. LiS1 didn't end feeling like you were choosing between right and wrong, but DE not only treats it like you were with the writing following being given more respect and tact than , but even ends ITSELF with a choice between the obviously right path that Max WOULD likely choose given what she's been through, and the obviously wrong path that, after everything, feels so out of character for Max especially within the narrative of this very game. As of my finishing the game, it's some kind of ironic that the majority of players at the time chose what feels presented as the wrong, ""evil"" path.

NONE of the games so far in the series have felt like choosing between outright good and evil. With Double Exposure and its setup for future games, I'm apprehensive that a new trend will start where we won't get what made Life is Strange such a lightning-in-a-bottle series anymore, and worst-case-scenario, it's all down to a big misunderstanding of why people loved the original series so much.

If you're a fan of previous entries in Life is Strange, or even just the first game, Double Exposure misses the mark and derails after the first couple of chapters, which might explain why those first two chapters were made available early to hype up the game before the full release. Characters and their moments in the story feel underused and underwhelming, and Caledon somehow feels so claustrophobic with how much it reuses the same levels and areas over and over, which didn't feel like a problem in LiS1 or True Colors thanks to changes in time of day and environment. The murder mystery their marketing hinged on only lasts the first two chapters, and from there it relies on the supernatural to get away with weak storytelling and an ending that feels so... empty, for lack of a better way to put it.

This is the first game in this franchise where I have completely regretted my purchase. It's just a massive disappointment. If you have any curiosity about Double Exposure, wait until it gets a BIG price drop in a sale. This has made me more cautious to put my faith in what the new developers tease and whether to buy future games in the series.

P.S.: The cat content is waaaaay too minimal to justify the addition to the price tag. It feels like it was meant to be in the game originally (as you can't 100% achievements without it), so if you want some 5-10 minutes of Max being a cat person, wait for the DLC to go on sale too.
Publicada el 9 de noviembre
Lastima, pediré un reembolso, recuerdo que el primer life is strange con Max no tenia toda esta porquería WOKE que tiene este. Que mal que decidieran meter esto. Ahora hasta hay que conquistar lesbianas, desde cuando este es un juego que se trata de conquistar a mujeres con una mujer?
Publicada el 15 de octubre
If you plan on following up on the Bae ending to Life is Strange 1, be ready to be extremely disappointed. This game completely bastardises Chloe Price as a character and her relationship with Max after the events of the first game. Going as far to ruin and sour references to them in the games that followed.

Following up on the Bay ending actually had a lot of sweet moments and references to Chloe that had me feeling pretty emotional - it's just a shame the other ending that half the community chose was not treated with the same care, and has no such moments. Taking so much weight and meaning out of that choice I made 9 years ago.

I still plan on playing, but with the belief this game should have featured a new and original protagonist instead of tarnishing the memory of Max and Chloe.
Publicada el 29 de noviembre
* Demasiados retcons a la historia original de Max desarrollada por Dontnod para que encaje en esta nueva narrativa de D9.
* El 90% de las decisiones marcadas por el juego como importantes y de gran impacto solo cambian un par de diálogos en conversaciones.
* Los personajes carecen de profundidad, es dificil encariñarse con ellos.
* El final me pareció muy extraño y no me dejó una buena sensación, casi que parece que escribieron la historia hasta la mitad y luego una IA se encargó de hacer la otra mitad.
* El enfoque que tomaron en los poderes es extraño, en otras entregas los poderes de los personajes pasan a ser algo secundario, donde lo principal es otra problemática que afecta al protagonista, y éste usa sus poderes para intentar resolver dicha problemática. En DE los poderes pasan a tener el enfoque y ser lo principal de la narrativa.

A pesar de lo detallado anteriormente, el juego es hermoso visualmente, y el diseño de Max me gustó mucho, pero coincido con varias otras reviews en el sentido de que Max está de más como protagonista, la mitad de los problemas se hubieran evitado si el protagonista hubiera sido un nuevo personaje. De alguna forma le falta el respeto a la historia y el final de la primera entrega de Life is Strange.
Colocar a Max como punto importante de marketing y promotor de ventas del juego fue un error en mi opinión. D9 trató de atraer al fandom pero el costo fue demasiado caro.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
La verdad que es una poronga, pura cinematica y no me dan jugar mas de 2 minutos.
50 lucas para leer puro texto y no me dan los poderes.
Me voy a jugar Dragon Ball.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
I love the LiS series. Like many, I was a fan of the first and have followed it since then. I was excited to see the return of Max, and after the relative success of True Colors I believed this game would be a slam dunk. Sadly, it's a disappointment.

The good: looks great, performances and voice acting are fantastic, Max acts like Max. Maybe i'm in the minority but the twist was unexpected.

The bad: the story, the writing, the mystery that's solved by episode 3, the teased but underbaked use of Max's powers. The game smells heavy of rewrites and rushed delivery.

I hope this isn't the last LiS. But it will probably be the last we see of Young Adult Max. For something that should have been a celebration of the series it instead fumbles the execution and leaves me worried about the serie's future.
Publicada el 18 de noviembre
It pains me to write this.

Don't get me wrong, there is a LOT of stuff about this game that I like. The first like 3 and a half episodes were, in my opinion, PERFECT. But the major reason I'm saying I don't recommend this game because it's like they forgot they had to finish it? Starting midway through chapter 4 the quality and like the... logic of the game went WAY down hill and then in chapter 5 it exploded. The last episode and the ending were terribly written and made 0 sense. Seriously, this was the most anticlimactic badly written ending that I've ever seen. Not to mention there is like 2% gameplay in the last chapter, the rest of it being really terrible little scenes of that quickly cut to black and just go to another scene of that.

The ending makes it feel like this entire thing should have been Safi's story and not Max's. Like it makes NO SENSE for the first 4 chapters we played and it's like it's the ending of a different game entirely.

Also, your choices really don't matter. 'This action will have consequences' no it probably won't. That was an issue in the original too, I won't lie, but this one is even more egregious.

And, yes, a lot of these negative reviews are about Chloe not making an appearance despite haunting Max throughout the game. I too am disappointed about it especially because the ending was so bad in general, but if they would have just made the ending good ie by making it a legit ending they put time into I wouldn't be too mad about her not popping up. But, at the end, they really do tease the player into thinking she was going to show up just to throw it away and I know why.

At the end of the game you get a post credit scene (which pissed me off) followed by a black screen that says MAX CAULFIELD WILL RETURN. So, they just didn't finish this game because they're going to make another one. I'm sorry, I paid 60$ for THIS game to be finished. Not to pay another 60-80$ on ANOTHER game.

Despite all this, there are things that I like about this game:

-The graphics are good (as long as you mess with the settings)
-Good voice acting, having the original voice for Max was huge.
-Amanda even though her ending left much to be desired.
-I liked being able to control the camera and actually take the pictures in game

I really looked forward to doing another run of the game until I got to the end. It sours EVERYTHING. I wish they would see how much we hate it and give this game an actual ending, but they're just going to put that in another 60$ game, so, no I cannot recommend this game. Only buy it on super sale if you've played the original and if you're okay with the fact that the ending will be the worst ending you've seen since How I Met Your Mother.
Publicada el 23 de noviembre
I love the LiS series. I love it so much. The original game is the only game that has ever made me shed tears while playing. LiS 2, LiS BtS, LiS TC...all of them I found to be amazing with LiS TC being the worst of the bunch but even said, I still found it a good game. With that being said, I thought this game was going to be a MASTERPIECE since we were getting Max back...and it was...for the first three chapters.

The story captured me from the beginning. The mysterious death/supposed murder of a close friend and the investigation that followed...the discovery of a new power as well as swapping between different dimensions...I love that concept. Most side characters were likeable, funny, and relatable. I could see them existing in real life. I found myself questioning everything and everyone, regardless of how close Max was with them or not and I loved that. You could feel the uneasiness of the situation as well as a longing to make things right in order to find closure. Reversing time would be too simple for a sequel. I think these aspects were wonderfully done. I was thoroughly enjoying every bit of this game...for 60% of the game.

Episode 4? Episode 5? You could have easily combined both to make one episode. I spent over 11 hours with the first three episodes. The combined time for both 4 and 5 for my playthrough took less than 4 hours total. They felt rushed. They lacked the depth I felt in the first three episodes. They did not leave me wanting more. They left me frustrated and annoyed. The tease of a new game at the end really upset me. I don't WANT a new game and I don't want a spinoff. This game felt unresolved and unfinished. Please, take the time to finish what was started! It felt all too convenient to leave this game as a cliffhanger with potential to create another LiS game with two characters I honestly didn't feel much emotional attachment to. I can understand why Max would feel attached to Safi but I myself did not have that same connection with Safi as I did with someone like Chloe.

I did not want to say this but I feel the need to because of the price. This game is not worth $50. On it's best day, this game is worth $25 at best. For the hours played and for the lack of depth in the last two chapters, LiS fans will be very disappointed with what was given. My advice would be to just wait for it to go on sale, $50 is wild for less than 15 hours of playtime. And now that I know the ending, I have no desire to replay it because again, it just feeds into the idea of a spinoff at the end, regardless of what happens.

I'm sorry Max, you are awesome, I love this series but I can't recommend this game at it's current price.

4/10 and I give this rating with a heavy heart.
Publicada el 24 de noviembre
Pinche juego todo malardo ,historia basica y super aburrida ,No le llega ni a los talones al juegazo principal,encima tiene tanto LGBT que ya hasta abruma lit todo el juego esta lleno de eso, si sos fan del primero y esperas una continuacion a la altura ESTO NO LO ES ! en fin decepcionante.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Life is strange indeed. And disappointing at times.

I’ll avoid heavy spoilers in this section although it's hard to do so, here goes nothing:

First, I opted for the “Bay” ending. I believe it serves as a more cohesive story conclusion for the themes this game is meant to explore. However, the fact that Deck9 chose to canonize both endings was a bold move and A CHOICE. I’ve only seen how things progress through the first two chapters with this ending, but even at that stage, I'd buy that Deck9 may not have been able to do it justice. It’s not that I couldn’t believe Max and Chloe might part ways; in fact, considering they primarily bonded over shared childhood arnd trauma, a parting of ways could become inevitable,and not necessarily antagonistic. Still, exploring the intricacies of such a tangled relationship would demand serious narrative skill, and I’m not convinced Deck9 could deliver that. But I’ll remove myself out of that discussion, as it’s the least of the issues with the game's overall narrative.

The first two chapters are brilliantly done (which is interesting to see that Enix let people play those two early, sneaky ain't it). You can freely explore the campus and shift between two timelines: the living and the dead. The living timeline exudes warmth with vibrant tones, lively upbeat music, and an overall sense of vitality. In contrast, the dead timeline is cold, distant, and carries a subtle yet oppressive weight. Although some of the artistic nuance of the original LIS gets lost here, Deck9 succeeds in crafting a strong contrast between these two realities. The puzzles are a notable improvement (tho not groundbreaking) as you snoop around and reveal information by using both timelines' versions of the characters and figure out how the levels do change, and I appreciated the slow-burn murder mystery. Sifting through characters’ lives, motivations, and secrets at that stage of the game felt genuinely engaging, and the cast seemed likable enough.

Caledon didn’t feel much larger than Blackwell (or other parts of Arcadia Bay), but the seamless exploration made it feel as a step up. I expected to experience a blend of True Colors and the original LIS—and for a while, it worked beautifully until it didn't and fell apart badly. The plot, being a LIS story, inevitably became convoluted, but it did so in the worst possible way, with little redeeming about it. The pacing, strong initially, becomes increasingly erratic, speeding up while simultaneously bogged down by questionable subplots without a resolution. Even the achievements become sparse as you progress—most of the side activities, explorable areas, and missable achievements are crammed into the first two chapters, with the third trailing off, and by Chapter 5, you’re on more a linear path. Even the ingame social media, text messages and your own journal becomes obsolete and underused. Did they rush things? Perhaps, but whatever the reason, it leaves a deeply unsatisfying experience. Compared to heavy hitting finale of LIS and Before the Storm, Double Exposure (DE) is just bland. Though Max gets to have a moment of resolve.

DE hints at something larger, which is fine, but it handles it in a shallow, Marvel-esque way, with a “Max Caulfield will return” message. In reality, though, DE is hardly a spin-off. Cool. I just wish they had realized how lacking the major antagonist is. They fall nowhere near Jefferson’s dark, 'twisted artistry' in the first LIS Instead, DE’s big reveal seems to be that some people are just deeply unpleasant ♥♥♥♥♥, a fact that requires real writing skill to make meaningful. To create an antagonist with moral high ground despite their questionable actions is no small feat, and Deck9 falls short there. I remember people criticized the first game’s ending, but it was meant to either come full circle or shatter it completely. Here, there’s no closure, and the final choice is rendered moot since it only sets up the next game—possibly along with your romance interests.

In short, DE begins as a slow-burn mystery, more mature more grounded and then descends into absolute madness, with no fullfilling payoff. The game does a disservice to both its cast and even to Max herself, arguably one of the most down-to-earth, genuinely selfless protagonists—a character the antagonist should, in theory, have provided a meaningful contrast to. Instead deepening the story, bringing out themes of the real power is the personality we get a simply poorly executed, exaggerated and arbitrarily integrated superhero wannabe mess. So they can drag it out more.

[HEAVY SPOILERS]

The parallels to the original LIS are present, with Rachel and Chloe mirrored by Maya and Safi. Max’s abandonment of Chloe at her lowest parallels Chloe’s eventual reconciliation with her, and I can see a similar dynamic with Safi, who bonds with Max while still haunted by her past. Safi’s self-centered, god-complex nature only surfaces when she finally asks Max to join her twisted cause at the very end and 'til that point she seems like a laidback sarcastic type of gal. She vanishes off-screen for a significant part of the playtime, and though she seems somewhat privileged, her motivations seem underexplored. Compared to Chloe, whose pain feels grounded and relatable, Safi’s motivations and actions don’t add up. Her struggles are vague and unconvincing, with little to justify her extreme behavior beyond being labeled as “pure evil.” Even the psychological damage wrought by her distant, overprotective mother—and the estrangement of her father to her by her own mother—is handled superficially. Chloe was fatherless yet anchored by her supportive mother, fair. But who did she had as a friend? Frank? On the other end, Safi, had Moses, a calm and selfless friend who was close to her even before Max. So why does Safi take this path? Instead of a profound exploration, we’re left wondering if a gunshot to Safi’s head wouldn’t have made a more fitting, sobering end to the game—a reminder that not everyone is meant to be saved. Sigh...

The case of Alderman. He seems intriguing and daring at first but then vanishes (literally). How does this work? Why do Max and Moses remember him? Will we ever get answers? Who knows? What’s clear is that without him, the game loses nothing—and that is baffling because the game gets rid of him when it doesn't need him. Then why have him, to detract people off from what?

Then there’s Amanda, one of the few sane, likable characters. She asks to take a break because of what transpired, a convenient excuse to wrap up the game. How silly.

Maya, meant to parallel Rachel, is another miss. Unlike the original, DE isn’t centered around Maya the way LIS revolved around Rachel; she’s just another side plot leading to Lucas’ exposure, trying to justify Safi’s anger.

The lack of depth in Safi’s backstory, combined with the absence of a serious tragedy, is stark. She attempts a point-blank shot at her mother, and the game barely pauses there, everyone moves on and seemingly be ok with it? A solo Safi game could have been interesting—her shape-shifting would create some sort of tension, allowing us to explore her fractured relationship with her mother while Safi would discover her manipulative nature. Then she meets Max, we get this in which there could be an option for Safi to either redeem herself or descend into the storm, showing how a seemingly modest (compared to time manipulation I mean) power can carry massive destructive potential. But instead, we get this—a story where Safi faces no real pushback from anyone and slaps back to your face in any attempt to help her.

Max was vocal at how her own powers nearly (or actually did) destroyed a town and messed up her life. Safi ain't a Magneto and she's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dork who refuses to listen and thinks ''We have power, they don't so I'll work this out just fine'' and tries to scout and recruit people? To those 60% who backed up Safi. WTF?

★★½☆☆☆
Publicada el 29 de octubre
Besides the graphics and seeing Max all grown up there was literally no point to this game.

The developers were just like this line they used for Max in the last chapter when Safi asked:

- ''Max, what are you doing?"

-""I'm not sure! I'm kinda making things up as I go.''

They borrowed the same ideas from the first game, but lacked the depth, sadness, emotional ties to the characters. It was the most boring LiS game I played. And I played all of them. I couldn't even finish it.

Bringing the storm back? As if that makes any sense?
The nightmare sequence again?
Double moons.
Max's bff dies whilst the storm is raging on a cliff.
etc etc.

Pointless.

Not to mention how they did Chloe so dirty. This will never be a continuation from the first lis. This is just a poorly written fantasy game that copies its predecessor that was so successful because it was UNIQUE. And because it was inspired from so many great movies and TV shows. Twin Peaks for example.

Deck Nine has no clue how to be original. They will just recycle the same pattern, same ideas that weren't even theirs to begin with. But without making the characters actually relatable. I did not get attached to any character. Not even Max. Because it just wasn't her.

I'm sorry I spent so much on this, pre-ordered it and all. I will stay away from any Deck Nine game from now on.
Publicada el 2 de noviembre
Life is Strange: Double Exposure started out strong but derailed in a frustrating and disappointing way by the end. The first three chapters were great, with suspense, and a mystery that pulled me in. I was excited to see where the story would go, but Chapters 4 and 5 are utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.

The story quality plummets in the later chapters. It feels like the writers had no clear direction after Chapter 3, and instead of building on the strong start, they seemed to just make things up as they went along. They even try to frame the antagonist as ""misunderstood""—but she's really just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a massive god complex who causes harm without remorse. And as if that wasn’t enough, she doubles down and creates a “villain group,” which is just ridiculous and goes against everything this series stands for, the powers were never meant to be the focal point of the story.

Both the romance options, are handled poorly. The game pushes you into a relationship with a character you know next to nothing about, and the male romance option is downright uncomfortable. He comes off as a creep, constantly trying to flirt with you, and he’s been hooking-up with his students which just rubs me the wrong way.

It’s disappointing because I wanted to like this game. The first half had me hopeful and eager, but the second half completely killed it. The series needs to course-correct and make this entry non-canon if it wants any hope of winning me back. As it stands, I can’t recommend this game.

If you decide to try it anyway, just prepare to be let down.
Publicada el 28 de octubre
TL;DR: This game doesn’t respect the past events from the first game, sweeping them under the rug. Max is the only thing that carries over from the first game personality-wise but none of the baggage she would have. The romance options are terrible and out of place, with one option introduced after just a minute and the other being so creepy and weird that neither Max nor the player would consider them. Lastly, wait for reviews after the full release. If the leaks are true, this could be the worst story of 2024.

This year seems filled with sequels that weren’t really needed. I loved the first game as a kid and have always connected with Max; her story and the plot really made me care about everyone in that town. Because of that, I gave this sequel a shot, and here are my thoughts:

Max’s character is still great—she’s just as I remember, and having the original voice actor is a nice touch. However, it feels like the only real connection to Life is Strange 1 is Max herself. The first game’s ending was intense and meaningful, with players having to choose between the town or Chole, here all they did was . This on its face feels disrespectful to me, but it's even worse later on as it’s barely acknowledged the events for how this would even happen. Episode 1 offers a few hints about what happened, but it feels more like they wanted to mention it and move on as fast as they could as it is ever talked about again, rather than fully respect the original’s endings to move to this plot. They should have either made one ending canon or handled both more thoughtfully.

It feels similar to Telltale’s The Walking Dead series, where Clem is forced into certain point in time for the plot of 3 to happen so she can be in the same spot for the plot to happen regardless of your choices in the second game. Here, They claimed they’d respect both endings, but that’s clearly untrue.

The writing feels off overall. The game does something I dislike in media—introducing a character you just met, telling you they’re cool, and immediately pushing romance with them. Within a minute, this character is flirting and there’s an option to date them, which makes no sense. I barely know them. It’s jarring, especially since it happens right after I’d rather have the romance option after getting to know them, not be thrown into it in the hope that it was a good choice later. There’s also another love interest who is portrayed as creepy, self-centered, and just a terrible person. It feels like a bad joke to suggest that Max would ever be interested in him.

I’m still curious about the story, but I don’t get why they released the first two chapters early and separately, especially when the full game drops on the 30th with all 5 chapters. It feels like they’re just trying to cash in. If you’re thinking about buying this game, I’d suggest waiting for the full release and reading some reviews. The leaked ending, if true, sounds like it could be Game of Thrones Season 8-level of bad. I was hoping it was fake, but seeing gameplay, I’m worried. It’s The Last of Us Part II all over again. Personally, I’m invested in Max’s story enough to see it through, but I’d advise others to wait and see if the game lives up to the legacy of the first.
Publicada el 21 de noviembre
I love all the Life is Strange games, but not this one. I don't find the characters or story as engaging as its predecessors. Normally I would put my heart and soul into getting all the achievements, but I don't think I will for this one.
Publicada el 29 de octubre
A heartbroken review

It's very sad to see what DeckNine has done with my favorite game franchise. First of all, I’ve been following the marketing of this game since it was announced, and besides all the trailers being uninteresting and practically all the same, the developers even lied when they said they would “respect the both endings of the original game.” After a while, I stopped caring about avoiding spoilers, as everything about the game's marketing was entirely uninteresting, so I went looking for what was really going on…

For those who, like me, saved Chloe in the first LiS, the last words of the game were Chloe and Max promising each other they would stay together forever. But now, in this game, right from the first minutes of gameplay, you’re forced to end Max and Chloe’s relationship in a way that completely disrespects both Max and Chloe’s characters, as well as the fans' choice to sacrifice an entire city to save her. From that point on, Chloe doesn't even appear to say a single hello. The best we get are messages so lackluster that it hardly feels like her on the other end of the phone. They didn’t even create a character design for Chloe.

The game's script is completely lazy, as the developers go out of their way to ensure that the two endings of the first game have no impact on this one’s narrative, making the storyline almost identical regardless of the choice made in the first game.

Speaking of the script, the mischaracterization of Max and the supposed Chloe's personalities is depressing. At this point, I’m very disappointed with the narrative director (Felice Kuan), who, despite not being part of the first game, in my opinion, did a great job on LiS: Before the Storm.

And what’s up with these completely forced flirtations? It seems like even if you say you only want friendship with these new characters, the game constantly tries to push you into some kind of relationship with them. In a timeline where Chloe is alive, the least I expected was some respect after the first 'no'.

DON’T NOD (the original creators of LiS) gave us the choice to decide the ending of the first game, a choice where players could follow their hearts and decide their ending. Then DeckNine came along and took that choice from us in an unforgivable way.

At the end of this game, one of the characters hints at the possibility of Chloe returning in the next game, but having to wait years for something that they were obligated to show now is also disrespectful to fans.

If, like me, you saved Chloe in the first game, I strongly recommend reading the comics and treating them as canon. Even if you don’t think the comics are perfect, they were at least made by people who truly love the Life is Strange franchise. As for those who didn’t save Chloe, if you're satisfied with a mischaracterized Max and a game premise that values powers over storytelling and characters, go ahead and enjoy. For me, the best this game has to offer are beautiful graphics and a soundtrack. The lovely and emotional storytelling that is the hallmark of the first game is far from being well represented in this one.

As a Brazilian, the feeling after this game is similar to how it felt at halftime of the world cup match against Germany on our home turf, when we were down 5-0. Now, we’re heading into the second half—the “Max Caulfield will return” sequel… i just hope that this time, we at least get the consolation goal, like in that match
Publicada el 2 de noviembre
A poor experience in comparison to its predecessor. Not worth it at full price, not even close.
Publicada el 28 de octubre
An obvious cash grab and disservice to the original game. This is a franchise about people and choices, and this game is...not. Go pre-order the original devs new game Lost Records: Bloom & Rage.
Publicada el 15 de octubre
This game wants to just throw away a decade long relationship for us fans, and a relationship that lasted 6-8 years in universe the first 10 minutes well expecting you to move on immediately to a new relationship with a woman that I don’t give a sh*t about, well also bastardizing Chloe as a character with her saying that she doesn’t trust Max to not use her powers that she doesn’t even know if she can use.

They did Not respect the ending of the first game, Most of us sacrifice entire town for Chloe, for Max and Chloe‘s relationship, and they threw it away like it was nothing

Graphics are good, The outfits are not worth paying for, environments feel empty at times, Characters are stale and annoying other than Safi, encountered a couple bugs, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this game to any Fans of life is strange
Publicada el 16 de octubre
Update: I beat the game. The game literally doesn't have an ending. Nothing gets resolved. The game just ends. This game is a travesty.

Positives: The game looks pretty. Music is very good. Hannah Telle is giving it her all, and Moses is genuinely likeable.

Negatives: The game absolutely hates you if you picked Sacrifice Arcadia Bay and does everything in its power to bastardize the legacy characters with horrific out of character writing in the most vindictive ways imaginable, even retconning MULTIPLE things about these characters. The developers promise of “respecting both endings” was a blatant lie, unless you count murdering and spitting on someone’s grave as an act of respect. This would be bad enough if it was just established in the beginning, but the game is hellbent on reminding you throughout. The overall writing is also abysmal, full of *very* forced sex jokes, including ""foot fetishes"", ""female oral sex"", a guy trying to coax Max into drinking at work because it'd be ""sexy"" (guy is a romantic option btw, personally I need to speak with HR about him), and some other bits during texts. It's not charming in the slightest.

- Several audio bugs, people muffled like they’re in a different room when they’re right in front of you.

- Crashed twice while playing it and since your can’t skip cutscenes it’s a pain to get back to where you were.

- Had another incident where you are supposed to open a locked briefcase. After the cutscene entered, the briefcase flew open on its own and I could see everything inside of it even though I was dutifully informed that I need to find the key.

- The romances feel *incredibly* forced.

- The game is packed with forced sexual jokes and innuendos. The character, Vinh, is a romantic option and comes off as nothing but a creep.

Overall: If you are a fan of DontNod’s original title and its sequel to an extent, this game is not for you if you sacrificed Arcadia Bay. It does everything it can to undo what the directors of those games has openly stated the ending meant, with gleeful abandon.
Publicada el 15 de octubre
You know what you did.
You knew the ONE thing that would piss off the longtime fans, and yet you still did it.

edit (full release): how did it get worse?? what was that ending??
Publicada el 8 de noviembre
garb story aside how dare u use max for a money grab when you’re changing her rewind power anyway you could’ve had a whole new protagonist, don’t make a sequel to a game that has two entirely different endings if you’re going to be lazy and not respect both endings. if u wanted to make this right this basically should’ve been two completely different games depending on the lis ending you picked. this is the same company that wrote bts & showed that chloe thought about max for the 5 years she was gone, chloe would not leave max
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
Horrid game, essentially nothing happens and your choices don't have any consequences what so ever. The first story was so good, it all tied up and made sense, i don't even understand this one after just finishing the game.

Outfits were rushed and look horrid, cat DLC has about 10 mins of gameplay.

AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Watch a play through first.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
SPOILER ALERT FOR DOUBLE EXPOSURE (AND SOME MINOR ONES FOR LIS 1 AND 2)
I really wanted to like this game but here is my honest review as a fan of Life is Strange since 2015.

- trying to do LiS 1 plot with the storm and stuff but failed
- flashbacks to LiS 1 just for the impact (because there is no emotional impact in Double Exposure), as if trying to profit on your emotional entanglement for the first game and it's not even their game
- almost everyone is either boring or unimportant (e.g. Loretta had like 2 scenes and for what, Alderman disappeared as quickly as he appeared and even that wasn't explained) or both, also Deck Nine reduced their characters to like 2 traits and they can be described in one sentence, in short Deck Nine is labelling their characters, for example Moses is the ""physicist"" and that's basically his whole character and the story revolves around this, so let's say we need to damage a projector but only in a way a certain someone can repair it, then you have the aha moment of realizing Moses is a sort of mechanic so you go to him, another example is Amanda,

- Avengers assemble type shi (more and more characters suddenly had powers and Safi started to collect the people like pokemons??), , in LiS 1 the story is about finding Rachel Amber and eventually trying to stop a tornado (yes that's linked to the power but more of an after effect) while Max and Chloe is reuniting, catching up and also the thing with Kate and so much more, in LiS 2 it's about two brothers trying to escape to Mexico after a tragic incident, meeting Brody, Chris, the grandparents, the mom... and deciding on your morality and shaping your brotherhood with Daniel and ultimately deciding on the border, so Daniel's telekinesis power is not the main focus either, it's more like something to hide or we will get in trouble etc.

- , the price is diabolical for just the standard edition so no I am not paying twice as much for two scenes of a random cat and an ugly costume, like no I in fact don't want to look like a zombie or cosplay as my ex gf (tbh even the normal outfits were really weird, especially the color combinations were horrible)
- terrible romances, and I have to flirt with 2 obvious candidates, just because you could kiss Chloe and Warren in LiS 1 and kiss Cassidy and Finn in LiS 2 doesn't mean it's a major thing, but here it felt forced even though I don't care at all, not to mention both of them are not very likeable), it also had nothing to do with the plot, just some randoms I rizz and vice versa with cringe dialogue options

- , even Deck Nine fleshed out her character in Before the Storm just to make them break up off screen and change the LiS 2 Max and Chloe picture (they make it look terrible and ), imo the reason for the break up is so that Max could have romance with characters in this game, which Deck Nine made a big deal in DE
- , DON'T NOD said they want to create everyday relatable characters going through struggles but of a supernatural twist, however here it was all about powers, powers and powers
- , while speaking in LiS 1 she constantly puts her hand on her neck, sometimes she's blunt and she doesn't realize that etc. but in DE she is a boomer cracking dad jokes and then awkwardly laughing about it, all these scenes are incredibly cringe and I wanted to die every time I was forced to listen to that

- not to mention that the whole Pricefield break up , in the original game Chloe immediately accepts Max back after and (choosing everything against her - blaming Chloe, siding with David etc.) she never leaves Max, throughout the game , so all in all it's just terrible writing, Chloe would NOT in fact leave Max a half baked letter and start flirting with Victoria out of all people
- the diary was terrible, the emo moment of Max writing ""She left me"" and scribbling all around it and on another page there is Max in anime style with both Amanda and Vinh each kissing her on cheeks while Max has hearts in her eyes is , also not only is Max a photograph but also an artist? don't get me wrong I actually liked some parts of it but it didn't give me the same feeling like in LiS 1 and 2, even BTS

- collectibles were super random and then the snapshot thing where Max can just take a photo of people or things and randomly posting it on some kind of Instagram for everyone to see? even places where she shouldn't have been I think (plot holes..), here it felt like a drag, whereas in LiS 1 and 2 I loved it and even went back as to collect them for achievements
-

- and almost every choice was like if I sat on a bench or not, literally irrelevant and some were about LiS 1 (if you sacrificed Chloe or Arcadia Bay, like it shouldn't have been a major choice was the chapter, they could just ask me before I started the game like in LiS 2), all in all it leads to the same ""ending"" and it wasn't satisfying, I was really confused and the whole Marvel thing was super cringe, the cherry on top was a text at the end ""MAX CAULFIELD WILL RETURN"", please no Deck Nine, stop ruining games and characters that don't belong to you just because you are hungry for money and want to milk fans of the series

edit: I forgot to mention, . Max either had let a whole city got wiped but a storm created from usage of her powers or goes into the past to the moment she first used them in order not to let the storm form at all and letting her best friend Chloe get shot. But she happily used her new powers ? Again, this is .

I had bought Double Exposure as a lifelong fan of the series and I expected an okay game but it was even worse than I thought. There are many more things that I could point out, but I'm running out of space so I'll just conclude with what I didn't like the most - and so much more to talk about. Honestly you shouldn't consider Double Exposure as canon, because it's basically a fan-fiction, the original creators are DON'T NOD, not Deck Nine. This game is not enjoyable and not worth the money, atrocious story writing and an even worse ending. .
Publicada el 12 de noviembre
Life is Strange: Double Explosure

I started playing this game with a strong feeling that I would probably end up criticizing it. However, for the first few hours, I was pleasantly surprised - I thought, ""Maybe this game won't be so bad,"" and it was nice to be wrong. But that feeling only lasted for the first few hours, and then the ""story"" happened.
Life is Strange: Double Exposure 
Una captura de Life is Strange: Double Exposure
Por: Wooohooo

I want to say that (and this isn't just about Life is Strange, but many works that later become franchises) if you create a decent story and it's complete, then in most cases, the creators have nothing more to say. It’s usually better to start something new than to make a sequel. Obviously, sequels are made for sales - if something gathered enough money and attention, they often create an entirely different story or game and slap on the recognizable name to help it sell again. But in most cases, this isn’t necessary, it makes things worse, and it drives people away.

I feel like there have been too many cases like this to ignore the pattern, but nowadays in large studios, the people in charge are often managers, not content creators. They look at past sales numbers and say, ""More!"" Well, in the case of Life is Strange, it feels like the story was crafted by those very managers, sitting in Starbucks with their frappes. It’s the same old thing - uninspired and dull, including the characters. The game looks beautiful, and the first couple of hours, before the terrifying ""story"" kicks in, offer that same chill Life is Strange vibe that I personally enjoyed about the first part. It feels like if you removed the superpowers and the plot, leaving players just to relax and engage in everyday activities, the game might be better.

As for optimization, it’s hard for me to judge. I saw plenty of reviews mentioning that the game is buggy - I didn't experience that, but I also didn’t have stable 60 FPS, even though the developers promised that, according to the brochure with system requirements.
Life is Strange should’ve been just the first part, maybe with Before the Storm and a possible remake 15-20 years down the line. Instead, we have a whole series of cheap, trashy stories. I hope people vote with their wallets, and the suits realize that this approach to game-making doesn’t pay off.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
Warning: This review will contain spoilers for Double Exposure. Feel free to skip to the end for the final verdict if you want to avoid spoilers.

Life is Strange: Double Exposure is billed as the first direct sequel in this series of adventure/choice driven RPGs. After the first game featured wildly divergent endings, the developers made the smart choice of setting up future stories as stand-alone that only briefly touch on what happened since the first game. Because of the premise Deck Nine has chosen for DE, it is impossible to discuss this game without tackling spoilers.

The very first Life is Strange follows socially awkward, possibly autistic teenage girl Max Caulfield as she has difficulty navigating the social realities of high school. She moved away from her hometown of Arcadia Bay at a young age, only returning at the age of 18 to attend it's prestigious Blackwell Academy. While there, she reconnects with her troubled childhood friend Chloe Price and also discovers she has the ability to rewind time. A vision of the future tells her that a massive storm is coming to destroy the town, and while spending a whole week trying to avert disaster, Max and Chloe solve a murder mystery and uncover the seedy underbelly of their hometown. At the end, Max must decide whether to use her time travel powers one last time to prevent the disaster for good by allowing Chloe to die, nullifying the entire week's past event, or to save her best friend one last time and let the storm take its course.

Upon finishing every LIS game it will give you a full breakdown of choices, and the final choice of LIS1 (referred to by fans as ""Bay versus Bae"") is split right down the middle. Keep this in mind, that if any followup were to happen to LIS1 that any misstep will end up alienating 50% of the people who played the game and who are your potential biggest customers. Like other LIS sequels, DE is upfront about asking you at the beginning which choice you made at the end of LIS1. As it is a direct sequel set 10 years later, you can choose whether or not you decided to save Arcadia Bay, as well as whether Max and Chloe remained strictly friends or became romantic partners. To address the elephant in the room, no matter if you chose friendship or romance, Max and Chloe are separated. In an entire game that feels like badly written fan fiction, how the Max/Chloe relationship feels the MOST like bad fan fiction. If they were romantically involved, Chloe writes a breakup letter to Max claiming she's a free spirit that can't be tied down, a direct contradiction of her previous characterization. If they were friends, Max and Chloe go from being inseparable to literally hating each other and Max comparing herself negatively to Chloe's other close friend Rachel Amber.

This all serves to make Max herself feel like she hasn't aged a day. She's supposed to be 28 years old now but is still adorkably awkward and unable to function in social situations, though she will make very flirty and openly horny comments outside of the player's control. Weirdly enough, if the marketing itself didn't say that a decade had passed, you'd hardly know. Besides Max having regressed as a character to herself at the start of LIS1, there are no dates or mentions of passage of time in the game itself, a detail that was present in previous LIS games. I'd almost suggest that the reason for this is because they hadn't figured out when exactly this game was supposed to take place as they were writing it, and just left it open until it was too late to go back and change anything.

It begs the question then, if DE felt the need to practically wipe the slate clean, why even bring Max back? The obvious reason is because it's great marketing, and I wouldn't be the only super fan who got suckered in by this. I could almost forgive it if the game's writing and story felt fresh at all, but for something that lives and dies by this, it is easily the biggest fault with DE. The basic premise is that Max, having been so traumatized by what happened at the end of LIS1, has spent the past decade on the move and has now settled down at Caledon University to teach a photography class. Everybody from her past is out of her life now and she has not used her time rewind powers since LIS1. While hanging out with her new friends Moses and Safi one evening, she witnesses Safi get murdered. Upon witnessing another traumatic event, Max discovers her powers have awakened again, this time in a new form: now Max can shift between different timelines to one where her new best friend Safi is alive. Max's goal becomes to use this new ability to catch the killer in the alternate timeline and save alt-Safi's life. It's a genuinely intriguing premise but also a total misdirection.

It's these early parts of murder investigation that will make you question why Max is even here. There's nothing really unique to her character that screams ""Max needed to be the protagonist of this story"" and the game itself does such a poor job of establishing the relationships between Max, Moses and Safi that you just kind of have to take it on its face that these three are ride or die friends for life for the story to work at all. Of course, all is not what it seems and eventually the story becomes a complete rehash of LIS1 and THAT is when you see why they made Max the main character. Where episode 1 of this game spends its time retconning LIS1's ending and episode 2 will make you wonder why this game even exists, episodes 3 through 5 are basically a bad fan fiction retread of LIS1, with episode 5 making multiple direct spoiler references to LIS1's ending. It's truly baffling then that the marketing had the balls to say this game was the perfect entry for new players to the series. For a series that functioned well as an anthology collection of mostly unrelated stories, DE then ends with teasing a super hero teamup of other people with powers that makes me wonder if this is a corporate mandate from Square Enix.

So, if the writing sucks, is there anything redeeming about this game? The gameplay itself is nothing to write home about. Gameplay was never the strong suit of LIS but here it feels even thinner because it's basically impossible to fail. Usually you will need go from one timeline to another to traverse an obstacle or talk to specific characters and there will always be a conveniently placed time portal. The game itself at least looks very good if you have a beefy enough PC to run it, and DE once again uses the impressive motion capture technology that True Colors had. The music is your usual twee indie fair; by now you will have decided if you like or hate it. The performances are pretty good; Hannah Telle returns and knocks it out of the park as Max and most of the other actors are doing their damned best to sell the really awful writing.

In the end, it's really hard to justify paying full price for a game clearly written by developers who either don't care any more or never did and just feels like you're playing someone's bad fan fiction. Matters are made worse by the absolutely terrible value for your money DLC. You only very briefly get to play with your pet cat in episode 2 and I don't know if it was a bug but not every DLC outfit is available at all times throughout the story. It is actually really funny that they did the early access period ensuring that the biggest fans who would be most disappointed would get to experience their disappointment up front.
Publicada el 17 de octubre
as a fan of life is strange for 7 years now and a fan of many different franchises, I have never been that disappointed by a sequel. For a story game known for it's choices and good story, I didn't expect a relationship, that was loved by fans since 2015, to be handled that badly and their breakup mentioned on the side. If you break them up, atleast do it well, true to the characters and take your time. This just feels like a punch in the face for all the fans, who have loved and supported the franchise, since its first release.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
I really wanted to like this game. Life is Strange: True Colors, the previous Deck Nine game in the series, was one I deeply enjoyed. I gave them the benefit of the doubt when it was announced they were bringing Max back even though an entirely new developer doing a sequel to a beloved game seemed...an odd choice.

While the game makes a decent starting impression, assuming one can handle the way the game handles the Chloe Choice, it quickly becomes apparent that this is not a story about Max Caulfield. The first three chapters do a decent job of establishing a mystery, using the new twist on the powers, and even having character interactions even if the limited areas really make the whole thing feel like a direct-to-DVD low budget sequel to a cult classic movie. But the final two chapters utterly destroy the narrative that it really sours the experience.

The game doesn't really explore the timeline mechanic beyond two or three light puzzle sections that are extended just because you can only use the mechanic at specific spots. The fact that there are two timelines doesn't provide any interesting changes or developments other than one timeline has blue color coding and more somber music and the other one has yellow color coding and more upbeat music, which is neat for about five minutes.

The thing is, I could forgive a lot of the shortcomings with the game and its re-use of the same four areas across its run time if the narrative was worth it or had anything new or interesting to say about Max or any of the characters. I know I keep mentioning it, but it cannot be overstated how much the narrative sinks the game faster than the Titanic. A line at the end of the credits reads more as a threat now than a promise.

The original music is nice but the licensed songs are largely interchangeable. Visually, it looks fine. There's a coziness to the atmosphere thanks to the winter setting, but even so there's only so many times you can wander through the same three buildings and outdoor area before you find yourself rushing along to the next plot point.

The cast, for the most part, are inoffensive. The only real standout is Moses and the only potentially interesting antagonistic presence is dealt with almost as quickly as he is introduced. Which makes the entire game kind of have zero stakes. Max is so far removed from the cast and their workings that the revelation of the deep, dark secret elicits a response more of disinterest than shock. When there are no real character drama or tension between anyone, what is there to get invested in?

I really wanted to love this game. But if Deck Nine wants to keep making games with Max as the central lead...I don't know that I want them to anymore.

The first three chapters are worth experiencing, but after that...you're better off just reading Max Caulfield fan fiction. At least those writers understand why people loved the character.

Oh and the cat/costume DLC? Absolutely a rip off.
Publicada el 14 de noviembre
Oh dear, where do I even begin? The game has nice ideas, too bad it executed them so poorly.
The lack of locations really brings the game down : you get to see the Caledon campus, the observatory and the snapping turtle ( thats it!)

Some of the early lines between characters are super cringy , for example the one Safi says not long after the game started : ""See this is why you need and asisstant, in case you break your ass and need an ass ambulance"". Seriously? Which grown up would say that to someone they’ve known for only a few months?

Vinh's whole character is weird an overly sexual.

The only cool character in this game is Dr Gwen Hunter,

There are some very big plotholes/ inconsistencies in the game the first one is :

The second :

The third :

The fourth :








Well since the game is set up for a sequel we can only hope the next installment will explain the plotholes mentioned above, but LIS Double explosure in itself is a weird, mediocre game, a measly 5/10. Needless to say I’m very dissapointed.. this has been the worst LIS game in the series..what a letdown.
Publicada el 1 de noviembre
Never thought I'd down vote a LiS game, yet here we are. Chapters 1-3 were pretty enjoyable. Last two were pretty awful. It felt rushed, questions went unanswered, and the ending was just horrible. Other than that, the romance choices were okay at best; there wasn't much to them. There was so much sexual innuendo and oversexualisation that it got a bit ridiculous. The side characters were mostly pretty boring and bland and it felt we didn't get to know them that well because of the shifting timelines and really just lack of interaction with them. Yasmin was so underdeveloped, Reggie and Diamond felt like useless characters, Amanda was all right but I didn't even like her that much. But most importantly, choices don't matter. This was a VERY linear experience for a CHOICE BASED GAME, and even your smaller choices don't do anything (choosing what mug to drink from, being told it will have consequences...?) To get into more picky things, the journal was pretty bad compared to the first game, the power got a boring at times and was pretty underutilised (used entanglement.. once, maybe?), a few visual bugs (Diamond starting talking without opening her mouth lol), chapter 4 was incredibly short, and there wasn't many areas to explore at all, the same few environments are used over and over.
Publicada el 16 de octubre
They said ""respect both endings"" but you can tell they only really wanted to give you one. If you chose Chloe over Arcadia I wouldn't waste my money, just watch it online. The mischaracterization of both Max and Chloe is insane (HEAVY on Chloe) and it honestly just feels like a shot in the heart for someone who has been in love with these characters for almost 10 YEARS.

Making you have a break up story line with Chloe just to IMMEDIATELY push a new love interest sucks and makes me really not want to participate. It really does baffle me that they decided to just throw away the story line that over half the fan base chose to do, especially after what we see in the comics and what we hear about Max and Chloe in LIS2.

I would have LOVEDDDD to see a 3rd option where you are in some type of long distance relationship with Chloe and she sends you cute texts throughout the game but alas. I want to enjoy this game so bad but feeling like this relationship I've put so much time and story into just being throw out and replaced SUCKS. Hopefully its made up for in the later chapters because the plot of this game is very interesting and I love Max to death.
Publicada el 21 de octubre
This might be the worst case of character assassination I've ever seen. I didn't want to believe it, so I had to see for myself, but the criticism was all valid: They nuked Chloe's character from orbit, ignored all character development that happened in the previous games (for both Chloe and Max) and just made her act like a childish a**hole to get rid of her for this game.
And then comes the cherry on top: Seconds after we get to learn what happened between them, we're forced to flirt up a new girl, even though we get a fake choice that we ""don't like her"". It's basically saying ""Hey forget about that blue haired b**ch, here's some new chick we like better"".

The dialogue is also horribly cringe and cliché and not the cute and well done kind of Max cringe we've seen in the past, just actual cringy line after line. I've counted 6 horny remarks and choices in the first 30 minutes alone. How is that Max?

I really can't can't put into words how damn disappointed I am. Why did they get to make this if they supposedly hate 50% of the most important people in this universe? Oh right, the publisher also hates her.

I hope you're happy that you successfully ruined something that so many people cherished so deeply for so many years. Life is Strange was something special and you took it behind the shed and shot it.
I hope this is the last thing you'll ever get to make. Sorry to all the people inside Deck9 that tried to steer the ship away from this cliff, you don't deserve this, but sadly, it doesn't change anything now. Just like the past games didn't for this game.
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
I wish I could refund it, but I’ve played through the whole thing hoping it would get better.
The game was really surface level and didn’t honestly as deep as the first.
Sure it’s graphically beautiful, but there’s not much substance to it.
Publicada el 1 de noviembre
This game had so much more potential than what we got. Felt like it has a bunch of story lines that went no where and should've been focused on wayyyy more. The ending could've been way more dramatic. Felt like a just a cash grab bringing Max back literally just a game to set up their next one. Felt like it was unfocused and just all over them place. I was really disappointed and it just felt a bit lazy.
I will say the characters are good, they're unique and entertaining and I liked a lot of them. The visuals are stunning. However as someone who's been a long time fan of these games, I feel like they really dropped the ball on this one. Even Life is Strange 2, my least favourite one had a more focused and more coherent story than this.
Publicada el 18 de octubre
Though I like the story, I simply cannot recommend the game itself. It is quite clear that this is not the return to Max Caulfield anyone wants, that I know of. As a pricefielder myself I'm just so very dissapointed in DeckNine and the pure erasure of anything related to Max from LiS1.

It seems more so like this game was meant to have an entirely different protaganist instead of Max and the writing is rough too. Going with a more original story like True Colors would've worked out a lot better I'd say, they changed the beloved face of the franchise for a game that plays like a cashgrab.

The story is still interesting, but it's below par for a Life is Strange game, I'm mainly still interested because of Max' new power and Amanda. I can't help but see this is DeckNine's own (bad) fanfiction rather than an actual instalment in the franchise.
Publicada el 28 de noviembre
Life is Strange: Disappointing Cash Grab
Being a Life is Strange fan, this is the first time I've actually been disappointed with a Life is Strange game. It just wasn't as good as the old Life is Strange games with no narrative depth and a very confusing and nonsensical story.

The disrespect towards the original choices of the older game added fuel to the fire. The game's story is very predictable, has so many loose ends, no replay value, and has countless optimization issues. I had to restart the game and change the video settings countless times during my playthrough just to avoid the infinite loading screen before a new cutscene.

IT'S MY FAULT that I pre-ordered the game with high hopes, but instead I got a trailer for another sequel with no definitive ending and little to no effect on the story on the choices I made.

Nothing but a Disappointment.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
I'm a massive fan of the originial LiS game, and of the prequel Before the Storm. The other games have been ok but didn't quite hit the mark with me, so I was excited to see what Double Exposure would offer with the return of Max. To say I'm disappointed is an understatement. The game is very poorly optimized and was maxing out my RTX 3090 on the highest, second highest, and medium graphics settings, and I didn't really see any noticeable visual differences between them. There's also frequent bugs and the game crashes a lot, along with a few bugs that soft-locked my progress and I had to reload the game and pray for an earlier checkpoint.

For the narrative, I was immediately put off by how . It left a bad taste in my mouth and I had a hard time playing much after that. I didn't really like most of the new characters I encountered within the first few hours of the game, . I played a bit more but became less and less interested in the plot and characters and eventually just stopped playing it. One of my friends finished the game and said it didn't get better so I requested a refund.

I'm done giving money to crappy studios that make unoptimized games and try to bait fans with early access and/or extremely light content DLC. Bring back the team that made the first game please, and listen to the fans!
Publicada el 17 de octubre
Not the worst game I ever played but it is the usual Luke warm Life is Strange Experience.

If you coming expecting an interesting story, you will be disappointed because this is not the game for that.

I have played chapter 1 and 2 through early access, so far the story has moments but it is in the minority. Most of the game is meh to sometimes boring, however once the character final has powers, it felt more interesting but the writing is killing my enjoyment.

After many years of playing Life is Strange games, it is sad to see the studio have not figure out how to improve there story telling. It is indeed more of the same from the studio. Like previous Life is Strange games, I am expecting that two final chapters to be alot more interesting than the first three chapters.

Also, I don't believe this game is worth the price that it cost, I recommend wait for a sale.

I feel like I should mention a few things I like so far:
1. The graphics is great, love the art style
2. Minimal technical issues, had a few text pop ins and motion blur seemed odd from time to time
3. Music is always great in these games
Publicada el 20 de octubre
respect both ending or not, this whole pay 40 more bucks to play early tomfoolery is some ubisoft and EA sht, why can't yall just release the complete game in one go like a normal person?
Publicada el 15 de octubre
Even if we set aside all the issues with breaking up with Chloe, for Max, months may have passed since the breakup, but for the players, it would only be minutes.
They're asking you to throw away a 10-year relationship in the first 10 minutes of the game.
That alone is a serious issue from a gameplay and player experience perspective.

But it doesn´t end there.
Perfect ""respect the endings"" right there.
Publicada el 19 de octubre
Updating my earlier review now that the full release is here.

The first two chapters have their issues, but in general they do good enough job to set up the mystery and the characters you will be dealing with throughout the game. Then everything falls apart in chapters 3 and 4, and 5 is an absolute disaster that only serves to tease the sequel. That's right - the story isn't resolved in this one, after dragging it out for hours they just literally say ""MAX CAULFIELD WILL RETURN"" the second it's time for any consequences.

Speaking of consequences - your actions do not really have them. The entire story is incredibly railroaded, to the point where you can make every wrong choice and still end up with the same ending as a person who made every right one. The original LiS also had a similar problem, with the ending being rather binary, but at least it allowed for some actions to have consequences in-between episodes. Not so much here, here you are put on rails and you can't escape from Mr. Bones' Wild Ride until the game rather unceremoniously ends.

I'd like to say that at least the characters make the subpar story worth it... but that would be a lie. Everyone is extremely two-dimensional - you have a sleazy love interest, a quirky love interest, an asocial scientist on the spectrum, and of course Max's new best friend, around whom the entire shebang rotates. Don't get me wrong, they have potential and could be explored further, but Mr. Bones' Wild Ride strikes again and every decision you make regarding them doesn't matter because we need to hit those plot beats. As a result, they come off a little bit schizophrenic. I literally gaffawed when the character whose friendship with Max has been torpedaued ten minutes ago decided to have a heart-to-heart to provide some needed evidence. And then the person who torpedaued the friendship dropped by to deliver some plot threads because she felt like it. And don't even get me started on Safi, who might as well be bipolar considering how often she flip-flops between two completely different personalities. Overall, the character work is a massive downgrade even compared to True Colours, not to mention the original.

The gameplay is mostly just frustrating. Even with the hints turned completely off, Max will still provide ""diagetic"" commentary on how to solve the puzzles the second you encounter them. And the puzzles themselves are pretty bad, mostly defaulting to ""get an item/piece of information in the other timeline; use it in the current timeline to progress"". And the few times DeckNine decides to step up their adventure game are equally embarassing and straight from those frustrating early 90s point-and-click adventures where the only way to progress is to interact with everything in every single way until the random sequence of events works. For example, to deface a stand you need a specific marker, the marker you saw in the previous room won't do. Alternatively, the game will tell you to find a piece of evidence in a certain room, although Max has no idea that it should be here. Turns out what the game wants from you is to rotate a picture upside down to reveal a hidden key compartment - although none of this is telegraphed in any way.

The crowning moment of the game is the ending of Episode 2, where Max shifts between two timelines to evade a person who is looking for her. It is... an extremely lame take on A Crack in the Slab, and once again incredibly hand-holdy, with only one correct way to resolve the situation. You can't even fail the encounter, because the Mr. Bones' Wild Ride don't stop - Max just suddenly gets her old powers back for a moment, rewinds, then loses them again until the plot requires for her to get them back.

Finally, let's talk about things that work - the character models are surprisingly charming, even if not all of them are in the same style. Hanna Telle doesn't miss a bit as Max, and both her mo-cap and voice performance are stellar - and deserve much better writing than whatever she was given. Moses, despite being a stereotype of an autistic scientist is surprisingly charming and funny - to the point I wish he was the protagonist or at least a deeper character sometimes. And the music is great as always, with ""Illusions"" being my favourite track in the game. It's just that all those awesome parts only serve to spotllight the poor story work and downright boring gameplay.

Regarding the game's technical state: at least on the Day-1 patch of the actual release DE has quite a few visual glitches, especially with doors. You also have quest objectives that don't trigger sometimes and require you restarting the chapter. Granted, it's mostly limited to sidequest, but still - the experience isn't polished. For example, giving the therapist card to Abraxas students in Chapter 2 may not be possible at all unless RNJesus is on your side and their dialogue actually triggers. You also don't have DLAA or any other form of advanced TAA - so the game looks either pixelated on low AA settings or smudged and blurry on high. Considering that this is a UE5 title with software ray tracing and even the medium settings at 1440p bust the balls of my RTX 4060 (I get drops into 40s during particularly heavy scenes), having some decent upscaling would help a lot.

P.S. Chloe Price does not appear in this game, outside of a short nightmare sequence and some flashbacks. If you are going in expecting Pricefield in any capacity - do not. Even if you choose the Bae timeline in the prologue, the girls will be broken up by the time of the actual story in the game. The reasoning is asinine, but on some level I understand - Chloe's existence would require more work and variety between worldstates, and Mr. Bones' Wild Ride don't stop for those. For the record, other members of LiS1 are equally gone - even if you choose the Bay timeline, you won't get any updates on Kate, Dana, Warren, etc.
Publicada el 20 de noviembre
this is one of the coldest games i've ever played. emotionally it feels as if it's a complete void. max is in this game for absolutely no reason other than capitalising on 'the brand' or whatever, safi is frustrating and deeply unlikeable in a way i'm not entirely sure was intentional, and the one interesting character disappears from the game halfway in never to be seen again.

'max caufield will return' at the end of the game but quite honestly i hope she never does. i hope this game is entirely forgotten and sells so poorly they never dream of bringing her back again.
Publicada el 20 de octubre
Cannot recommend.

Game looks super blurry, no way to fix that (update: setting secondary scaling to 100% mostly™ fixes that). There's horrendous screen tearing too, vsync doesn't help it either. Game gets super laggy when using powers too, no doubt thanks to Denuvo. Outfit selections are often ignored (edit: they're just tied together, not individual selections). Many of the DLC outfits are missing from the selection and it's difficult to maintain a consistent hair color if using one like blonde hair. There's no way to skip conversations so if you have to reload from a checkpoint expect a slog getting back to where you were, and it may have been quite a ways back.

Immediately upon starting the game you have to choose if Chloe... broke up with you, or is dead. Yeah... Even the original writer for Life is Strange publicly stated they'd never have done that.

Next you have to immediately decide if you have a crush on some new character of if they aren't your type after hearing like 1 sentence from them with no context, immediately after being hit with the Chloe stuff. Like are you serious?

And the way they made Chloe act in old texts you can read then having her flirting with Victoria Chase on social media?! That was literally in the nightmare sequence of the original Life is Strange it was so bad. This was character assassination, there's no other way around it. They absolutely nuked the franchise from orbit. They didn't understand why LiS was popular and obviously didn't like it.

It's very clearly malicious writing of the highest order.

But even if they didn't character assassinate Max & Chloe in the worst way possible and the MC was an entirely new character it STILL wouldn't be a good game due to the lazy way relationships are presented.

I'll avoid spoiling Max's powers in this game but unlike the original they're lame and annoying now. There's also zero incentive to be doing any of it.

They effectively ruined everything good about Life is Strange. The mystery is kind of cool but it seems they assumed that having a mystery to solve was the only reason LiS was successful.

Update: I've finished the game now. All of the leaks were true. It's by far the worst game in the entire franchise. Do not buy. Avoid this game like the plague. God it's so bad...

I didn't enjoy any of it.

But I'll try to be fair, let's see... I enjoyed the voice acting. Hannah Telle did a great job, as always. It was nostalgic hearing her reprise the role. But this wasn't remotely Max Caulfield. I don't know who this was. They had her face and her voice, but it wasn't her. This Max wasn't awkward and didn't act remotely like the original. Max is a little prettier, which I guess is nice.

The good pretty much ends there.

The romance options were laughable. The one presented immediately after the Chloe decision seems okay as a person but isn't interesting in the slightest, and there's no time given to even get to know her before trying to make some kind of decision on her. She's not really attractive and dresses like a young grandma total weirdo fusion. Normal shirt, jean jacket, then a weird cardigan over it, then camo leggings? Like really? The girl has literally zero sense of fashion. And we're just supposed to believe everyone thinks she's hot and cool because they just tell us she is? Like, newsflash... she's not.

The other is a total d-bag neither Max nor Chloe would have ever even considered. A literal non-option. No one even in real life would go for someone like that.

The story was so bad. It had literally none of the magic of the original. Total character assassination with zero respect. No, directly malicious even. Pacing bad, romance bad, gameplay bad, power mechanics lame - and the original severely missed. A lot of the choices are so not obvious and out of the way, like one just randomly requires listening to these people talking for such a long time no one would do it naturally. The ending was super bad.

It was so bad I honestly couldn't ever trust another Life is Strange in Deck Nine's hands.

You gotta hard pass on this one.
Publicada el 15 de noviembre
I bought AND played this game on its official release day, October 29th.
I don't recommend playing this game though. There's a couple reasons why

The plot is the same as the first LiS game's plot.
Your best friend dies and you need to use your power to save her by altering the timeline. When she's saved, a storm is coming and the small town will be in danger. You have to choose between saving your friend or saving the town.

Your choices barely matter
Especially the important decisions that are supposed to make a huge difference in the story.

Spoiler warning.
It was never explained why / how





In Chapter 3, Alderman the detective finds his other self from the Dead World, touches the other self and then disappears into thin air and ceases to exist. No one ever speaks about him after that. There's no explanation for WHY or HOW this has happened in the first place.

It wasn't explained how or why Reggie found ... himself at the Overlook? Was this the same situation that has happened to Alderman? Why was this never mentioned again?

You have to constantly flip through the last page if you want to read the newest diary entry. Such a hassle.

- The random polaroids that you can collect ... Are they from a different timeline? This wasn't explained either.

This is the second LiS game with Max in it. She's a photographer, so why was there no ""Photo Mode"" or something similiar added in the game? This feature was a missed opportunity that would've allow us to have that creative freedom of snapping photos and sharing them in the LiS community. I'd have loved to take photos of anyone and anything in this game, especially considering that the game graphics visually looks stunning. Heck, even GTA V has a Photo Mode and that game isn't even about Photography!

- Chloe Price is a fan-favorite character and she was handled poorly in this game. You only get to hear her voice and read a couple of her text messages or social media posts. That's about it. Her absence feels stranger than life.

- Max' ""nightmare sequence"" in Chapter 4(?) should have been Safi's nightmare sequence. I understand wanting to adress Max' trauma from the first LiS game, but I feel as this was a missed BETTER opportunity for us to envision what Safi has been going through her entire life at Caledon before she met Max. I'm saying this because we barely could even sympathize with Safi. We had little to none insight about her motivation after all.

- The game has DENUVO in it. It's the main reason why the performance is absolute dog water. You don't want people to pirate your game, I get it. But you're ruining the game's performance but adding DENUVO to your code, so I'm wondering why the devs chose to prioritize piravy prevention over performance quality.

Some of the achievements are bugged out / won't pop up, even though you did the correct steps on getting the achievement, for example the Platypus achievement.
The Cat achievements are locked behind a pay wall, meaning you'd have to pay for the Ultimate Edition. Otherwise, you won't even be able to 100% your achievements.

This game isn't THAT bugged or glitchy, like everyone else in the reviews would state so. I don't know why it was different for me but the bugs/glitchy can occur nevertheless.
The only bugs/glitches I've encountered throughout the entire game were Gwen going invisible when you first meet her in the library and Lucas' suitcase already being open, before I got the key to open it myself.

- The ending will always be the same no matter what choices you've made beforehand. It also feels like the ending isn't even meant to be an ending, rather a cliffhanger to the next chapter?
Also, given the text that shows up at the end of the Credits, it suggests that a Part 2 of this game will come out? But this confirms my theory, that this game isn't even finished. The devs could've given it more time to improve, polish things up or add more Chapters, considering that the plot yet has to move forward.

I do have a few things that I like about this game:

- Max Caulfield is my favorite character. I'm glad she's back. I'm glad Hannah Telle is voicing as her.
- Max' power evolved from rewinding time to timeline-hopping. This is more fun and I like the difference in contrast and music between the two worlds we can hop from.
- The art in the Snapping Turtle and in Max' diary.
- I don't have to be in a romantic relationship with anyone in this game.
- The graphics are stunning. I felt like I was sucked into the world of LiS:DE.
- The choice of music is amazing. It takes me back to the original LiS game.

TL;DR
Don't buy this game, unless it's on sale. Wait until ""Part 2"" of Double Exposure comes out.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
As a standalone game, I wholeheartedly believe that Double Exposure has the potential to be deeply compelling: a supernatural murder mystery with no clues left behind is impossible for me to pass up. DE’s strength lies heavily in its concept, its colorful cast, and the setting it takes place in. Max Caulfield is a character who I found at the beginning of my own queer journey, and because of this, a part of me feels like I’ve grown up with her. Returning to her as an adult and seeing her living her best life feels simultaneously like a breath of fresh air and a new wave of hope for my own future. Unfortunately, for those who have played the original game, this is where these strengths end. DE is connected to the Life is Strange by name, and name alone.

The original game of Life is Strange casts a heavy shadow on the story offered here in a very bad way. There is very little connecting players to the world and the story that had been offered ten years prior: the lasting consequences of the devastation of Arcadia Bay, or lack thereof, is deeply apparent from the get go. It’s hard to forget the tragedy of the original game, and the lack of any real reference to the original cast save for throwaway comments regarding Jefferson and Victoria only left me feeling like this entire game had been a jab at what the original directors had been aiming for. Despite earlier promises that the game would treat both endings of LIS1 with love and respect, it’s clear to see that this work was geared with Bay enders in mind, with those who chose to save Chloe left in the dust. Despite being a focal point of the original story and a catalyst for Max’s powers, Chloe— if you so choose to keep her alive— is handled in a juvenile and poor way, written off offscreen to make room for new love interests that feel uncomfortably sexualized and lacking of any real personality all the same.

Characters like Safi and Moses are endearing from the beginning, but they’re the only characters that feel tolerable. Other characters feel insensitive, overtly horny, and hammered in there for the sake of simply having them: they call to mind characters from older games, but lack the complexity, depth and nuance that made them feel lovable and unique. I found myself quite intrigued by Loretta and Gwen only to find myself groaning and rolling my eyes every time they came onscreen— they, too, feel like shallow versions of their predecessors with the added annedium of being painfully insufferable and inconsiderate towards others.

Despite my earlier intrigue, the story is easily predictable, and yet has a massive amount of plot holes and canonical inconsistencies that simply cannot be overlooked. Overall, I’m left feeling as if this game as a whole is less of a sequel to Max Caulfield’s story and more of a rushed work with her face plastered on it for advertiser’s sake. Her character is as good as a character can be after remaining untouched for ten years, but even that praise falls flat with how many missed opportunities this game has. There was room to do something new, innovative, and nostalgic all the same, but it simply feels like nobody wanted to put in the love and effort that it required.

For those new to the franchise, I do believe that this game would appeal to them. It’s specifically designed to accommodate them without making new players have to replay the game, but in the process, alienates a faithful audience who have been following from the very beginning. I wouldn’t recommend this game much at all, and for those new looking to experience a heartfelt, timebending romance, I’d redirect them to original game. It may be aged with its memes and context, but it contains a deeply unique story that DE tries to replicate in a new way, but fails at miserably. For the rest of us, there’s always the official comics and fanfiction, I suppose.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Honestly this game lacks in all aspects.
I have never written a review but after finishing Double Exposure i cannot recommend anyone buy this.

There is very little Content and i finished the game in about 11 Hours.
Graphics and Sound are good gut marred with small bugs but none too offending.
BUT the Story is atrocious.
Ignoring the whole Chloe Price thing still the Story as presented makes very little sense or is not interesting enough to want you to make sense of it.

Some of the decisions the writers of this game made and how those are presented are completely incomprehensible.
There are no actual Characters of LiS present in the game aside from Max which is just a lost opportunity to make a connection with the player.
There are so many little annoiances that make no sense like why can i Take pictures but only from one angle ? no ISO or exposure making all pictures the same anyway so why give me a fake taking pictures action that does nothing.
this game is short anyway allowing for some self expression would have made up for a bit of the other glaring failures.

The Characters other than make are okay at best.
The Romance options are not even options at this point i dont understand if there is one option per gender and you want your max to be hetero or lesbian there is just no option. Aside from that both Vinh and Amanda are cardboard cutouts there is just not enough screen time for a connection to develop.

Moses and Safi are the characters you have the most time with and honestly i couldnt tell you much about them.
All other characters are meh i just dont interact enough with them.
I kinda like lorettas intrusive reporter thingi there could have been fun had there if this game wasnt so criminally short.
Gwen seems ""cool"" but i didnt like her.

I wish i had more good things to say honestly but even the music is such a letdown compared to all other life is strange titles.
Cinematography in cutscenes was also bland but now im just nitpicking.

I replayed Life is Strange remastered to compare and check if i have some rose tinted glasses but man this game wouldnt cut it a free DLC for Life is Strange.

This game made me depressed for liking Life is Strange games
Publicada el 16 de octubre
UPDATE AT THE BOTTOM
SPOILERS AHEAD
In short: DO NOT BUY the game in the state it currently is, it's not worth the money. I can't believe I paid so much money for that sh*t. Why? Here it is:

If you thought this game is going to bring you so much pleasure from playing as previous LiS games, then you're wrong.

As the one who bought this game in Ultimate Edition, with ""cat content"" etc, I'm insanely mad and disappointed, cause cat makes appereance for only few moments when we're in Max's house. That's all. I hate that this game has so many bugs, even after full release.

It's a ""refreshed"" story from the first game, but with twists and new characters. It has the same motives, the storm, similar shots to those from Arcadia Bay, ""nightmare"" episode. Game has no logical sense most of the time. Also characters talk way too much, almost no action happens. Even tho, the game is too short, if I didn't try to find every collectibles, I'd have finished it even faster than 13hrs. Also I hate what they did with Chloe from the 1st game, but about it later.

I like idea of parallel universes, it's really something new I guess? I like the thing where we can take photos as Max, the character designs, and the graphic too, as long as you have NASA pc, because it can crash out of a sudden.

The game has many bugs, hair going through Max's face, teleporting doors, crashes while changing realities (if you change one of the options it's good, but what's the point to play the game on the lowest, when it looks like sh*t, no shadows, nothing, even the sims look better then). I don't know if it's me but my Max had blue hair for half of the episode, depends where she was located, sometimes it changed between scenes, weird.

I had an amazing bug, where I only could walk with Max's squashed head...

Also: ""We'll respect both of the endings from the first game"", haha, sure.
The only respectable ending by the creators is the BAY option, where Chloe obviously dies.
If you chose BAE option (doesn't matter if you were lovers or just besties), you get the most disappointing outcome, no one expected. They portraited Chloe as this immature, shallow, rebellish person, who left Max, because ""she keeps looking in the past and using powers to rewind, and not looking into the future"". (She barely can use those in the game tho, only once actually). So even if you chose they were friends, you say ""you grew apart from together"". Later we acknowledge Chloe hates Max because her mother got killed in the storm, she'd never do that, as far as we know from the first game, she'd respect any choice she makes.
And Chloe probably hooking up with Victoria Chase? You know, the one who was friends with these who killed Rachel? That doesn't even make a slightest sense.

All of these can be found in Max's journal, texts, social media and of course Max's memories. She even mentions Chloe through the WHOLE game, she's heartbroken and misses her as what I can see. And still the game throws us onto characters we can have romantic relationship with.
AT THE END Chloe texts Max if she's fine because of the storm she caused. Like c'mon, they tried to make a stupid b*tch out of her, and now she has some heart to text Max? Wtf? xD

I HATE that they're going to do some kind of Avengers or X-Men out of Max and Saphie and other people? I mean it looks like it by the ending? That's the dumbest ♥♥♥♥ I ever heard.

UPDATE (before release): DeckNine won't make up for it, their plan is to ""reboot"" the series and make it next Marvel, starting with new characters. That's why they got rid of the old ones. This game is based on nostalgia from fans of the 1st game, they knew, people would come for Max and they did. This is actually a cash grab and I got fooled as well as the others. Well, there's new game from DONTNOD coming next year called ""Lost Records: Bloom & Rage"", it looks like it has more LiS vibe than THIS.
Publicada el 18 de octubre
terrible followup to LiS1 disrespectful treatment of LiS1 characters
Publicada el 27 de octubre
Producto reembolsado

If only I could rewind time and forget that this ever happened.
Publicada el 22 de octubre
Not very good, feels like a game nobody working on it really wanted to make. It did prompt me to replay the original, and it's a very unforgiving comparison. The art style is gone, the charm is gone, the whole Twin Peaks/True Detective vibe is gone. Feels like a game written by redditors, which in turn means you can immediately discount two of the alleged suspects because you know right off the bat they won't be portrayed in any sort of negative light. You could see the twist coming from a mile away, even if they hadn't more or less given it away in a trailer. They brought back Max so they could trade on the hype of a real continuation, but they don't seem to have any interest in that. The ""bae"" ending is getting all the negative press, but even the ""bay"" ending is just a pair of text messages. Everything is handled so poorly, one could easily believe the game was intended to have a different protagonist and Max was shoved in at the 11th hour.

The original was lightning in a bottle, nobody at Square seems to understand why it was good, and after this many terrible attempts it's probably time to pack it in and let the name rest.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Trash game made by trash writers. Definitely not worth your time if you cared about the first game and its characters. DE somehow manages to disrespect all endings of the first game and completely destroys the core relationship of the first one (it doesn't even matter if you decided to stay friends with Chloe, the friend break-up is equally brutal). Characters in DE are often over the top and often draw completely illogical conclusions to drive the plot forward, including our player character. The vast majority of them are boring as hell too and unlike the first game in the series, I didn't feel compelled to get to know any of them.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Here I am, just finished the Game. I went into Life is Strange: Double Exposure with high hopes, especially excited to see Max again. Looked forward to the Moody, dreamy and nostalgic atmosphere I was enjoying long time ago with the previous games.

Sadly, I got hit quite quickly with the reality. My excitement drowned when I realised all the characters felt very short and shallow. There was no real depth to any of them, it was more important what sexuality they had and this made a lot of conversation feeling very forced. The character building was missing a lot of times. I did not get immerse in the story at all, it often felt very short and rushed at some points. I truly missed the first game while playing this one. The writing felt rushed and far from what I remembered playing deck 9 games. There weren't much plot twists, dramas, breathtaking moments. All was over before you knew it.

In any way, I have to give this game a thumbs down.

The music was great and seeing Max was awesome but the story was not what I was hoping for.
Publicada el 12 de noviembre
Maybe there's a timeline where this game was made by Dontnod, and it turned out better...
Publicada el 17 de octubre
“Life is Strange: Double Exposure does respect both endings”. It didn’t age well 🤡
Publicada el 16 de octubre
Anticlimactic ‘ending’ because this ♥♥♥♥ ends on a cliffhanger. Full review in comments.
Great music, love Hannah Telle. Unneeded game with mediocre writing that’s disrespectful to the original game and characters.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
Играешь и физически чувствуешь, как сильно тужилась Deck Nine, чтобы придумать хоть что-то удобоваримое. А получилась история, достойная проходной серии поздних сезонов сериала «Сверхъестественное», растянутая с одного часа до восьми.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Overall: Underwhelming

As a long-time fan of the Life is Strange series, I truly wanted to enjoy Double Exposure, but by the time I reached Chapters 4 and 5, the game had unfortunately lost its spark. It felt aimless, unraveling chaotically like a storm. Speaking of storms, SPOILER, the reintroduction of the storm from the first game felt forced and out of place, lacking the emotional weight it carried in Life is Strange 1. This time around, I struggled to connect with the characters, who felt distant and difficult to relate to. Vinh, Reggie, Diamond, Safi’s mother, and even Safi, the supposed main character, lacked the depth I expected.

One of the most disappointing aspects was how the game washed away core elements of the original story, particularly in how it sidelined Chloe. Chloe was a pivotal part of Max’s life and story, yet Double Exposure seems to reduce her presence to mere mentions rather than fully exploring her impact. It feels unfair and dismissive to handle such a compelling character this way, especially given Chloe’s central role in Life is Strange 1.

Visually, the game excels; the graphics are beautiful, with enhanced facial expressions and subtle movements that breathe life into the world. However, strong visuals couldn’t make up for the lackluster writing. The antagonist, side characters, and narrative goals fall short compared to Life is Strange 1, Before the Storm, and Life is Strange 2. The ending in particular lacks weight, as the supposed reveal feels predictable, with little mystery for players who have been following the story.

In previous games, the characters and world felt engaging and familiar, making the emotional investment rewarding even when narratives leaned heavily into certain themes. Here, however, that connection is missing, leaving Double Exposure feeling flat and, ultimately, underwhelming.
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
the most disappointing title in the series so far. a horrible cash grab with no life and no soul, completely missing every single mark that made the first life is strange so special.

the first three chapters set up for something great, then nosedive off of a cliff for the worst ""ending"" to a game i have ever played.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
It was honestly pretty good until the fourth chapter. They threw the storyline and adorable characters out of the window for a pretty bad marvel like ending
Publicada el 13 de noviembre
playing the first game made me depressed because it was so good.

playing this game made me depressed because they reduced the life is strange ip to nothing more than a marvel-style (literally) cash grab.
Publicada el 25 de octubre
Crashes and freezes frequently, to the point where it's unplayable.
The little amount I was able to play uninterrupted I was unimpressed by, to the point where I don't even want to continue even if the crashes are fixed. Imagine the cringy dialogue of the original Life is Strange, but with the cynical self-aware sarcasm cranked to 11 (like bad marvel film dialogue) and without the aspects that made it charming or genuine, and that's every line.
Publicada el 17 de octubre
TL;DR -> Consider waiting for all the episodes to be released first before buying.

The signature cringe is still here—inner monologues and quirky remarks remain unchanged. But the lack of a Dragon Age Keep-style feature to carry over choices from previous games hurts immersion. Instead, you’re asked to manually input story decisions, which feels clunky.

A huge gap in Max's story is lazily handled with journals and object interactions. After two hours of play, Max’s new powers remain unexplained, and I haven’t even used them yet—the sluggish pacing borders on boring.

Charging extra for a buggy early release is unacceptable. The game even advises you to change settings if it crashes—how about releasing a patch instead? Performance is inconsistent, with abysmal frame rates and random T-poses, though facial animations are well-done.

Safi’s death is glossed over with an immersion-breaking two-day skip, and Max's response feels apathetic, with flat voice acting doing little to convey emotion. Episodic release makes little sense—this is Square Enix, not an indie studio struggling for cash. Even the scene were Max finds Safi's body feels shallow, no shock effect, no reaction, Kristen Stewart had more emotion in Twilight than Max.

The gameplay loop of “find X to cause Y” feels outdated, and while Max’s sexuality is given clarity, forcing her into a specific romantic path feels disconnected from the first game, where she could explore bisexual options.
Publicada el 24 de noviembre
Never had to write a bad steam review before but this is just such a let down I had to.
Honestly this game feels unfinished. It's one of those things where I can see a lot of people pretending it never happened and moving on. It really seems like they knew the first game was such a hit, they brought Max back because they knew people would play it just for that.
The Cat DLC being only included in the 80 euro version of the game is atrocious and greedy
I only cried twice during this whole game and that's really saying something.

SPOILERS AHEAD
-
-
-
-
Multiple parts don't make any sense. Like if Safi is able to shapeshift by controlling others perception, then how can she frame Gwen on camera?
And the biggest issue for me overall is Chloe. What was the point of over and over teasing her coming back and then absolutely nothing. You get a text in the end, that's it. It basically made the whole first games big ending pointless because it never mattered anyway. Constant dialog in the background about her, vague story about what happened between her and Max and even get's to a point Max is hovering over the phone to ring her, and then it never happens. What a total let down.
Then at the very end the game says Max Caufield will return. It feels like the whole build up to Chloe and other unanswered questions were just left for another game to finish off, and that's if they even finish the Chloe stuff off.
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
The story WAS interesting in the beginning and Max's new powers were a neat gameplay mechanic. But unfortunately the story flops on its face at the end.

None of your choices matter. You can literally cheat on your new love interest and it changes nothing. Neither one of them really cares. You can disrespect your love interest, go against her wish and kiss another version of her in another dimension and all she says is ""that's a bit weird."
Also the ending is just 1 out of two choices like the first game.
If you chose to save Chloe last game, don't matter you break up anyway. Chloe might as well be dead you never see her. None of the characters from the previous game come back at all except Chloe's mom, but that's only through text, and you can stalk Victoria's social media for some reason.

It's a cast of completely spinless privileged people who all try to be the victim despite their actions being unquestionably immoral. There are only two people I feel for in the entire cast and that's cus Max either keeps harassing them or just straight up abandons them when they need a friend the most. Max at no point cares about how her actions might hurt people and nobody really calls her out for it.
At random points the game references last game when Max gets trapped in Jefferson's basement and I wouldn't mind touching on that trauma but the moments last actual seconds and feels more like shock factor more than dealing with real trauma she would have.

--Also don't buy any of the DLCS not worth the money. Outfits are ♥♥♥♥ and you don't see them most of the time cus she wearing her jacket. I played 16hrs and saw the cat TWICE. Only got to pet ONCE and then he glitched out of existence. Offered it food he didn't even eat it.
Publicada el 20 de noviembre
Life is strange DE is the worst game among the game series, of course it's my opinion. For anyone that is reading this for the purpose of not wanting to get spoiled about the game, i respectfully ask you to stop reading this one.

There was no character development at all except for Moses, compared to all the others. The choices didn't really affect the outcome at all. The whole game feels like a glorified superhero simulator where you play as Max, who hasn't learned from her past mistakes at all... (aka the previous Life is Strange games she was in). Plus, if you chose to save Chloe, it only changes what Max tells to Safi and you get a couple of posts from her, and in the end, she basically says:

"Oh no, I'm sorry that the storm came to you again."

and Max can't even have a chance to respond to her at all.

Some of the plotlines didn't resolve at all, even by the end of the game; they just vanished completely from the ""plot"". For example, Reggie's mystery box, and how that cop ""Alderman"" disappears/dies. No matter what, even though he had been a threat to Max earlier (you got the feeling he would play a major role, but clearly no).

Safi's introduction, where she had powers, suddenly changes at the end to make her a villain. Plus, whether you accept or refuse her final offer, nothing bad or good happens from it. And suddenly, the character Diamond has powers because of some mysterious ""F*ck you?"" to the plot. No one questions that Max has powers too, or even more, that everyone else suddenly starts having powers too? I just can't understand how they reached that conclusion in this game series.

Honestly, the whole game feels like a glorified mess from a studio that doesn't know or understand how the other Life is Strange games worked, or felt. And then it leaves a bad taste in your mouth with the ending, where there's apparently some deluxe and ultimate version that just adds a few outfits and a cat? Imagine that, paying 80€ for a game, for extra content that is just literal cosmetics, in a single player game...

I want to add now later on, I personally hate to see where the game series is going. This game, the current game, does not feel like a rightful life is strange game. It's just not the right one.
Publicada el 15 de octubre
Honest opinion about the game.
Terrible, I can't even find words to describe this. Even though I knew Chloe wasn't in it, I wanted to try again and play objectively, but it's really such a bad start and how can they mess this up so badly?

Graphics -> Compared to earlier games, it's truly horrible. The lighting and shadows are so weird and ugly, not to mention the crashes and low frame rates.
Audio -> The game starts with good music; I have to admit that.
Story -> Every minute you play the game, it destroys the relationship between Chloe and Max and is designed to portray Chloe as a bad person. I don't think there's another game that betrays its own game world this much. To throw away everything they did with LIS1 and BTS all at once, and, as if that weren't enough, to try to tear it apart with forced expressions—I don't understand what they're trying to do. They're clearly saying that they don't want to earn any profit from this game. For those who support BAE, never choose the BAE option; Chloe is better dead than staying alive and living this nonsense. Safi also seems like a very uninteresting character compared to Chloe. I congratulate everyone who has ruined a game that could have so much potential with such bad decisions. You all deserve an award, especially starting with this refund.
Publicada el 26 de octubre
I expected more, but it’s buggy and the story just isn’t as compelling as the original games.

Those yearning for the heights of the earlier games would be better off replaying them.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
For now, unplayable. Game simply doesn't load, and when it loads, all textures are pixelated. Waiting on a hotfix
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
no spoiler review!!

I have a Life is Strange tattoo. I think this is the first Steam review I've ever left.

TL;DR: i thought the game was a cash grab but gave it a chance, really liked the first two episodes during prerelease and thought it was over-hated for one choice they made. after episode 2 they said ""psyche this is a cash grab lol you paid $80 for a nonsense story with a side of plagiarism"

this is the worst game in the franchise, unfortunately. I was skeptical at first, but loved the story of the first two episodes despite some shaky gameplay. I made a joke prediction to my girlfriend about the twist of the game that turned out to be true, and it's downhill from there.

gameplay wise: there are no puzzles. there are three new mechanics, and using them is either incredibly obvious or it's super restricted and the game lets you know exactly when to use it. the game tells you how to solve every single problem. to put it into perspective, the one thing I thought was a puzzle was a door that I couldn't open in one scene. the solution was to try to open the door a second time and it worked. that's not a puzzle lol
small note but the journal doesn't auto open to the newest page which was shockingly annoying by the end

story wise: the texting feature is so weird, because you usually only have one response you can say. the social media feature really added nothing to the world, it's always [x] thing happens and then every character at once posts a variation of ""omg did you guys hear about [x]"".
there were so few hard choices, and only a couple characters i really loved. the game really puts you on rails and expects you to feel specific ways about different characters (ie, locking you into only saying bad things about a character because they assume you'll dislike them because that's what they intended).
the overarching story was good at first, but episode 3 onwards was so bad. they steal lines, imagery, and entire sequences from LiS 1 by the end of the game, they really ran on fumes. the scope of the mystery is really small; no spoilers, imagine the entire game centered around one character robbing another character 5 years ago. not rewinding time and affecting the universe; not cross country travel to avoid police violence; not a mining corporation slowly taking over a town; it's petty academia drama that's more unserious than actual drama I saw in academia in real life. the only high stakes thing that happens is ripped 100% from the original game, and makes no sense at all in the context of this game.
this isn't ""life is strange"" its ""life is a little tiny bit odd"

the fact they ripped entire sections of LiS1 in the final episode also ironically detracts from the main point of contention in the game... it makes the unserious issue also seem disingenuous and hypocritical
additionally, horrendous messaging about mental health that, without spoilers, implies that one key event leads to a person's mental health collapse and that that can be blamed on exactly one person with no one else at fault. like that's insane


and they have the audacity to plan to make another cash grab when they didn't even have a full story planned out for this one. they definitely tried to set up the LiSCU with the ending there lol. it's honestly kind of a disgrace to the franchise

DontNod you will ALWAYS be famous. bloom&rage
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Tried to play it but the game is just badly written fan fiction. Max is completely out of character - her whole arc from the first game is undone. I had to check the spoilers before I continued playing and turns out this is a complete waste of time that any Life is Strange fan should never touch.

This is Marvel Avengers now, with wirting just as bad. In this game nothing gets resolved, the final choice changes absolutely nothing. This was created to sell the next game. Avoid!
Publicada el 16 de octubre
The marketing for this game was very scummy around Chloe, I wanted to stay hopeful but the lack of care/thought for all of us that chose Bae ending is really upsetting.
You're trashing the relationship that most of us have held onto for years.
Other then the lack of Chloe, the game is ok, fine if you chose Bay ending from first.

The writing is awful ~ its like they forgot that Max went through traumatic experiences, shes got her own dark room too and can go down there and relax without any trauma after what happened to her in one?
The writing and character assassinations are just so bad.
Please give back to DontNod please.
Publicada el 5 de noviembre
Max, please rewind time and tell my past self not to buy this game.
Publicada el 6 de noviembre
The game is boring. The narrative is weak and barely makes sense.
Publicada el 7 de noviembre
It stings to give this a downvote, it really does.

The first Life is Strange was lightning in a bottle and is still one of my favourite games ever.

Lets start with the positives:

+ The voiceactors have done a great job - It's great to hear Hannah Telle as Max again, the rest of the cast was very good too.

+ The first three episodes are pretty good - the story sets itself up to be an intriguing mystery/thriller mix and kept me wanting to play more - until it all went downhill with the remaining two episodes which felt rushed, pointless and an ending that left me feeling nothing, no joy, no sadness, I was just sitting there thinking ""Oh, thats it? Okay."

+ The atmosphere and soundtrack (Masterpiece), graphics and the feel to it are great - a photo mode is sorely missed, but this game does look and sound pretty. It definitely ""feels"" like a LiS Game for the first few episodes


Now to the negatives:

- There is no emotional weight to anything. I don't need to have my soul crushed (again) by a LiS-Game, but this story and it's characters do nothing to actually make me care about. The story finishes with loose ends and plotholes, compared to the earlier mentioned first game which had a great build-up and finish to its story, this just left me feel nothing. Your choices don't matter at all, way too much time and effort was wasted into wanting to make this a cinematic Avengers kind of thing that absolutely nobody wants to have.

- From a technical standpoint, this game is a mess. Stuttering, Visual Glitches, Framedrops amass, my rig is old, yes, but graphical benchmarks like Cyberpunk, RDR2 and others run smooth as butter on max details, this one is far off.



I wanted to like this game, I actually did for some time, regardless of the technical issues, but I, sadly, just can't endorse the direction the whole story has taken. I don't want a marvel-esque avengers rip-off.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
So, here I am, doing something I never thought I would do previously. Giving a negative review on a Life is Strange Game. Some Spoilers below

Now to explain why this is a big deal for me - I positively adored this franchise. I have combined 460+ hours on all games (now including this one) and replay LiS 1 and LiS 2 on a regular basis. I like even the True Colors and to a degree Before the Storm and am even collecting vinyl, comics, books and other physical media, because this franchise really did speak to me. And yet here I am - and I do believe that not only I am not replaying this game ever, I might limit myself to perhaps watching the next one on youtube, or maybe touching it once it is on like 80% discount (From a person who used to pre-order these).

I was the one fighting for Deck 9 on forums, subreddits etc., trusting their vision as one of the few that genuienly enjoyed True Colors, but it is not obvious that it was likely kind of lucky. They have no idea, what the fans want, what made the franchise special and what spoke to so many. The choices are bland and non-consequential, the soundtrack is not special at all (something that all games managed very well so far), the characters are of no import whatsoever to a degree where sometimes feel like parodies, rather than actual interesting personas worth exploring, but most importantly...

If you are incapable of honoring the wishes and expectations of the original material, do not touch it. Truth be told, I was forcing myself to play this game after about 15 minutes in. Deck 9 resolved one of the, if not THE most sought out answer... Via text. A text. Nothing more, nothing less. Their approach to the story is the same as if there was a sequel to Lord of the Rings in which we find out through an off comment that Samwise was actually an enormous f**k up and let's focus on a different story instead! Ring of Power 2, if you will!

Just attrocious. I am truly sorry to say this, and I hope that perhaps someone responsible in the writing department sees this (all the others ones who had no decisions in the creative department - you did a great job with what you had been given. Truly).

Whoever you are that decided that this is the way to handle this - at least for me you had killed a passion towards a franchise that existed for nearly a decade. Hope you are proud of yourselves.

Rant over.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
I really wish I could give a neutral review.

positives: the game is really pretty, the music is good. Hannah Telle aka. Maxs voice actress did an amazing job, the characters have personality and are...likeable, I really like Moses.
had many ""wow, what is happening"" moments, atleast till chapter 4...

negatives: there are so many reused lines from LiS 1 like there are so many old Chloe/Max voice lines which for me, feels like a kick in your face.
they rewrote Max and Chloes personality just for the sake of fan drama, wdym they suddenly broke up, didn't the devs read their own comics? Max wipes out an ENTIRY city to safe Chloe, they are meant for each other, soulmates even.

they don't respect the bae ending, even though it's canon in LiS 2.

theres a cat DLC which cost about 20€, the content you get is:
1. find the cat
2. cat sits on fridge, hissing
3. pet the cat
4. cat ending
it's not even 10 minutes of content, there are even 2 achievements for the cat dlc which literally means they put a 20€ paywall behind 2 achievements.

the sequel bait in the end is terrible ( "" Max will return "" )
stop milking Max and Chloe, Deck Nine.
honestly the game would be SO much better with a new MC.
JUST CREATE a new cast, it's fine, but don't ruin already existing characters.
it's a good game if you don't care about the endings and Chloes & Max relationship, I guess.

but tbh just pre order Lost Records: Bloom & Rage, it's the OG Team =)
Publicada el 16 de octubre
Producto recibido de forma gratuita

Did not respect Bae decision, instead of working and respecting a decision that 50% of players made, the devs just decided that chooses Bae was the evil and morally wrong decision without even thinking about what the original game was about, what Max's character is REALLY fighting through, and WHY Max even would CONSIDER sacrificing the Bay.

I enjoyed Before The Storm despite some weird decisions behind it, I enjoyed True Colours, however with this addition Deck Nine has showed that they don't care about the original 2 Life is Strange games, its not their baby so why would they. Instead they go around the studio talking about what is the least offensive ending and how to punish people who chose the ""wrong"" ending.

This will be my last Life is Strange game I'll ever play or buy. Dont Nod is dropping Lost Records next year, and unlike Deck Nine, Dont Nod will actually respect your decisions in a decision based game

Do better Deck Nine, good job pissing off 50% of your potential fan-base, real smart decision. Next LiS game will reflect it, after all, every action has consequences.
Publicada el 19 de octubre
Hi, are you new here? You have no clue who Chloe Price is? Good, the start of the game will be weird but you should enjoy the rest.
Oh you know who Chloe is? Oh, who she was! Yes, yes of course. You should be fine as well. Enjoy!

Ah you're one of those people who spent a considerable amount of time and efforts keeping the blue-haired punk alive in the first game? I thought we got rid of you all?! Oh you still want to play this game? Sure, sure, please come in, sit right on the chair over there, I'll just attached those chains around you and now you're ready for this 10h long torture simulator.

From what is available in those first two chapters: if you are a fan of Chloe Price, stay away. If you don't care for her or if she already left than I guess you won't mind.

After early access, chapter 3 to 5:
So treating this as non canon was my only way to continue, having Max dressed as a zombie helped a bit.
It was just a continuation of my previous feelings tho.
The story might not be that great but I would have been happy with it if they hadn't done what they did to Chloe and Max.

The 30 extra euro are not worth it for the few moments of cat content and they really need to fix the light flickering problem they have.
I guess I'll still have Life Is Strange running around in my head but it will be tainted by this experience.
Publicada el 15 de octubre
Finished the game and I'm really disappointed

I'll 1st say if you want this game then just buy the standard version, the outfits are just retextured versions of the base outfits and the ""Exclusive Cat Content™"" they kept talking about has at most 20 minutes worth of content.
The game starts strong with episodes 1+2 both being really good.
Episode 3 and 4 were decent too but episode 5 was painfully slow and a really bad end to this narrative
The game also has numerous glitches such as objects not appearing as they should (such as an item being open when its meant to be locked) and doors being out of place.
This game also had noticeably worse performance than all the other LIS games and I had issues of textures loading in late very regularly.

A lot of people seem to agree that this is a good game but not a good Life is Strange due to its heavier focus on supernatural elements and trying to create a grander story that will span across games while moving away from elements that made the Life is Strange series feel special to a lot of fans.
I think it fails as both but if you do want a game more focused on the more supernatural elements of the series then you might enjoy this (on sale).
Publicada el 4 de noviembre
I think I'm going through the same grief Star Wars fans felt about the sequel trilogy, cause what the ♥♥♥♥
Publicada el 16 de octubre
It’s hard to say much without the other 3 chapters. So far, the game is enjoyable and I love to see Max all grown up, but still a geek, saying “witty” little phrases and such. She seemingly stays true to her character from the first game, and honestly, that’s all anyone can ask for when it comes to a returning character.
I saw quite a few bugs, especially if you go back to your latest checkpoint, the characters bug out a lot. I guess Deck Nine really didn’t account for such even when it’s a very viable option and an option in general. As well, if you use the skip certain parts option, it bugs the characters and environment out a lot as well. Which led to a moment where Max was pressing her hand against something invisible when you had to press Q + E to essentially make it switch which timeline it was in.

When it comes to the romance options, I’m not a big fan of how 30 minutes in or so, you’re met with Amanda who you immediately have to pick if you’re going to romance her or not. We have no idea that if you pick her as a friend at first, if you’ll be able to dive into romance again once the other 3 chapters are out. I’d like to have known her a bit more in the story before being given the choice of having a crush on her. Especially when it takes Max longer to meet Vinh and in general be flirty with him. It feels like Amanda is thrown at you more since we’ve only heavily seen Max with a girl before, being Chloe, it’s as if they want you to just assume she’s your only option.

I don’t really like Vinh’s character so far, seeing as he still is a bit flirty with Max even when you deny him again and again. “Illicit daydrinking with your coworker is sexy. Be sexy, Max.” Yeah, no, I’m good. He’s also not really noticeable as a romanceable option unless you peeked at the achievements beforehand. I hope he doesn’t just stay this stale character the whole way through. Another thing with Vinh is that he’s a romanceable character, even though he’s one of the suspects behind Safi’s murder case. It feels a bit off that if it does end up being him, even though it is unlikely, it will be quite a loss to romance him and get betrayed. Doesn’t even make sense to have Vinh as a romanceable character in general when he’s a suspect.

Now, the Bae or Bay ending is something I had no idea how Deck Nine was going to handle. I sadly have to say that it was done very poorly, with no regard to the fans, no regard to the comics, Before the Storm, and the whole franchise in general. How Chloe and Max break up if you choose the Bae ending is something that feels SO out of character for Chloe. Chloe’s journals were dedicated to Max in Before the Storm, saying various things about how much she missed Max and showing she never gave up on her. During the first Life is Strange game, we see how the two of them have their troubles and tribulations here and there, but nonetheless, they stick together, whether romantically or not. I genuinely see them as soulmates, that even though Chloe is destined to die, Max is not willing to let that happen, and Chloe recognized that. In the comics the whole topic of Joyce and everyone else dying comes up, and Chloe doesn’t blame Max in the slightest. She says, “I heard you. I couldn’t hear her, but I could hear you. You couldn’t have won, Max. There was no right or wrong choice. And I’m through feeling like I wasn’t worthy of your decision. I’m sorry if I made it harder on you.” As well, “Max, I’m going to repeat to you what you said to me so many times when we first left. We don’t know. We cannot possibly know for sure that we caused the storm. We know some crazy ♥♥♥♥ happened. We know that you won’t let that crazy ♥♥♥♥ happen again. We know that I am here. We know that there was a storm. That’s it. You can’t shoulder it all. I can’t. To believe that our ♥♥♥♥♥♥ personal lives can cause destruction on this level is… narcissism. Drop the thought. Now.” With all of this, it just feels so wrong that Chloe would go back on everything, go back on Max. I feel like Deck Nine didn’t know what to do with Chloe at all, so they felt this was the only option. If this was all they could think of, then maybe a new game with Max isn’t what we should’ve gotten if they wanted to stray away from Chloe and the Bae ending.

I’ll stop yapping now and say I hope the game improves past chapter 2. I enjoyed the small bit of cat content we got in chapter 2, and I’m looking forward to seeing more of my Siamese cat named Iris.
For now, I’ll have to give Double Exposure a negative rating until we see more. This game has potential for a crazy story, I just hope Deck Nine doesn’t mess it up more.
Publicada el 10 de noviembre
Life is Strange: Double exposure tries to follow up on the first game but ends up being overly complicated and unoriginal. As what's presented here is essentially just the first game's story but with twenty extra layers of complexity that do nothing but make the game a hella confusing mess.

The game follows our iconic main character Max Caulfield from the first game. A teacher(?) at Caledon University who must solve the mystery of her new best friend, Safiya Llewellyn-Fayyad's death. Meanwhile, she discovers she has the ability to jump between two timelines, one where Safi is alive, and must use it to try and solve the mystery behind her death.

Max Caulfield now has the power to jump between two timelines to solve her friend Safiya's death, but this rehash of the first game's plot lacks charm and depth. Characters are poorly developed, and love interests Amanda and Vinh play very minimal roles that will hardly make any player care about them enough to romance them. Max's new power, as well as the disappearance of her old one, also raises more questions than it answers, further complicating the origin of the powers which has already been a huge debate amongst the Life is Strange community.

The final chapters, Chapter 4: Diptych and Chapter 5: Decoherence, are a confusing mess, leaving many plot points unresolved and resulting in an incoherent ending that solves nothing. I kid you not I can't tell you what chapter 5 is even about because it's so messy and confusing I genuinely asked out loud during my playthrough ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is going on?"

Overall, Double Exposure is a hella disappointing sequel that leaves players more confused than satisfied, ending with a fade to black promising yet another sequel.

Oh yeah, did I forget to mention? The cherry on top of this ♥♥♥♥ sundae is a fade to black screen saying ""Max Caulfield will return"" ...Ah yes, another sequel, how ""riveting"" if this game is anything to go by.

Score: 1/10

(Edit: I was originally gonna replay this game to try and see if I missed some major things as well as try and get some more achievements, but I just found out that two of the achievements are locked behind the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cat dlc, meaning you can't even 100% this game unless you pay up for extra content, for that alone this game is getting an instant 1/10 from me.)
Publicada el 8 de diciembre
So, I just finished it, and... yeah, it's not great. I love the first game more than I should – it hit me right in my edgy, angsty teenage years at the perfect time. The sequels? I mean, fine. I like True Colors. I read the comics, even read the books, and my misfit skull tank top is my favorite shirt. You get it.

So when Deck Nine threw out the promise of a sequel to Max Caulfield's story, I felt that spark, that pull. Swore I'd go in fair, wouldn’t lose it over the fact that they decided to split Chloe and Max up (not gonna lie, I’m low-key really mad, and my fan heart is bleeding, but reducing Double Exposure’s problems to that would do the messy rest of the game a disservice).

I hate that I can’t turn off my own mind the way I can when watching Star Wars. It's like the moment I let myself pick it apart, the whole thing just started to fray. The writing, the pacing? All over the damn place. Puzzles, while cool in concept, feel tacked on and are never developed far enough. Also, they cease existing after Episode 2. Don’t play it for the puzzles, but why include them at all then? And for a game that’s all about choice, it felt like my choices were decorative at best.

The fact that we play as Max again mostly feels like a PR move. It wouldn't have made a worse story if it was about someone else. The callbacks are fun, and I enjoyed all of them, but they aren’t really necessary for the plot. I really like the imagery, the music is great, and the characters have potential, but ultimately they’re reduced to just one trait, with no real development or growth.

I keep telling myself it’s okay, that it doesn’t taint what the other games mean to me, but in some way... it kinda does. The first one had this pulse, this weirdly coherent mess of mystery that felt anchored, even when it didn’t give you all the answers. But here? We’re all over the place. Watching some guy get wiped from reality and everyone’s just... fine? No aftermath, no mention, just gone. After messing with a mechanic that never happens before or after, it's just weird and random. And Max’s powers? They’re plot tools now, whipped out only when the story needs a boost, with no real logic behind them.

And it was short. So here’s my grand, esteemed review: baby-crying-over-Max-and-Chloe-for-life misfit skull pirates aaarrgh.

I had fun, kinda, in that “turn off your brain” way. But, god, I wish I didn’t have the space to pick it apart beyond those two seconds of dopamine.

Also it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nick fury avengers ass ending.
Publicada el 16 de octubre
I've played Double Exposure for less than two hours and encountered multiple game-breaking bugs and glitches. I've also encountered a lot of forced and terrible dialogue. I was very forgiving with True Colors, but Double Exposure reminds me that the golden age of Life is Strange is over, and that Deck Nine can't hold a candle to Dont Nod.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
The game is painfully mediocre.

As a fan of the first game, and a semi fan of the series overall, this game writes itself into a corner. It's like they didn't know what they were doing after the third chapter of the game, and started writing some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down and let it stick.

I love Life is Strange 1. But it shouldn't have received a sequel featuring Max. Not at all.

The way they treated the ""Chloe"" ending of the first game was horrible as well. As someone who picked the ""Arcadia"" option, looking at the Chloe stuff in this game just.. made me sick. It's such a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to everyone who picked that option. Or who just wanted to see more chloe. Even the 2nd game was more reasonable with it, with just a small cameo!

Would not recommend someone this game. Especially with the fact that its ending is more of a part 1 style cliffhanger than an ending. Save your money, go find something else to play.

You disappointed me, DeckNine.
Publicada el 7 de noviembre
it's just a bad game. sorry. I was one of the journalists who gave True Colors a positive review, I had high hopes for Deck Nine's future and they, well... made a pile of trash instead of new LIS game. DE is awful in every aspect, in some moments it's even painful to continue playing. I hoped it's gonna be better at the beginning of every episode, but it kept getting worse. With all my heart, with all love to this franchise, I hope that Deck Nine will never even touch Life is Strange again. I regret evey good word ab Deck Nine i said, every recomendation. LIS DE is nearly the most boring gaming experience out there. and the worst part (slight spoilers ahead) - idk how somebody could make such nonsense - they used lis1 structure and still messed up, they had internet, had bunch of games to rip off, for god's sake, and still messed up. I'm a lis fan since day one and now i pray that the next game will never release after this trash. that's how bad it is
Publicada el 21 de octubre
If you are new to LIS series, this is still a great visual novel. acceptable graphics (minor clipping issues), with amazing soundtrack.
BUT
if you came from LIS1&2, I beg you do not purchase this game and save yourself some money as this is ultimately a cringe experience mixed with insufferable mis-characterization. Dialogues are noticeably more forced and awkward compared to previous game. People still act like teenagers despite being full grown adults, this could be perceived as corny to some people.

ps. game keeps crashing every 2 hours and i had to rewatch cut scenes over and over again. time wasted. default setting can look blurry for some people, takes some tweaking to get a crisp image.

SPOILER ALERT:




Aside from the technical issues with the game, i simply cannot appreciate the fact Max is so out of character in DE. She turns into some horny lonely college chick, continuously flirt with Vinh and Amanda when I chose to shoot them down several times. What's the point of even giving these options when Max just continues to act horny. And don't even get me started on Chloe...Devs did not honor their words when they said they will honor both endings in LIS1.
huge disappointment of spending whopping 100$ then to get this kind of crap. I highly doubt future episodes could save this disastrous writing. Will there be a twist that ties all the loose ends and explains all the out of character behavior? Maybe.
At this point, best they can do is damage control, but I highly doubt the game will miraculously regain its reputation. I will edit my review once all episodes are released.


Final review:
not worth the money. there are simply too many plot holes and loose ends in the game. the idea of solving a murder mystery through a parallel timeline is super cool, but it was poorly executed. repetitively pressing ""Q"" just to travel back and forth to retrieve trivial information soon becomes daunting. no character growth whatsoever.LIS DE had potential, it failed.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
This game is a soulless money grab. I played the OG Life is Strange back in 2015 when there were only two episodes released, and it was magic in terms of its powerful themes, conflicts, and character development.

However, Double Exposure does not feel consequential, the characters are forgettable, and it completely abandons the seriousness, themes, and the truism of, ""show, don't tell."" Nothing means anything, especially the most important decision in the previous game.

If you are here because you loved the OG game, I highly recommend against playing this.
Publicada el 3 de noviembre
*spoilers

you're telling me i spent like $75 on this trash... i want my money back. this is the biggest cash grab if i've ever seen one.

'max caufield will return' are we in the MCU now? really? some parts of the game were okay, namely in chapters 2-3, but even that was ruined by the unhinged mess of 4-5 that made absolutely zero sense. the entirely of chapter 5 made me just confused and i felt nothing, not even any big decisions like the other games. all i wanted was for the game to be over so i could do something else. this just felt like the biggest F you to the rest of the games in the series and i will stand by the fact that Life is Strange 2 is the best.

i even liked some of the characters in this game (Moses, Vinh) but didn't appreciate that even though i picked Vinh, Amanda was still being shoved down my throat and obviously favoured over him regardless of my choices. then after chapter 3 the romance options were worthless with no further progression (at least in my playthrough).

just what was the point???? instead of this they should have made something original with new characters like the other games. Max didn't need to come back and especially like this. i feel nothing after playing (unlike the emotional turmoil i felt after Life is Strange 1&2) and the 14 hours i spent feels like an absolute waste.

the only nice thing i have to say is that the game looked visually nice. yet even then there were so many visual bugs especially on the loading screens and my resolution kept changing no matter how many times i set it.

don't play this game if you're an actual fan of Life is Strange and cherish those stories. :D
Publicada el 11 de noviembre
This game was a huge letdown. It feels rushed and way too short and it’s poorly optimized, making the experience even worse. The story lacked any real emotion and there was far too much handholding throughout. The world design was limited, with barely any places to explore and the characters were bland. Without Max, this game would be a 1/10 – she’s the only part worth mentioning. Chloe’s presence felt hollow and it’s disappointing how the game treated her and the fans who chose her ending. Choices didn’t feel impactful at all. While chapters 1-3 were really enjoyable, the last two chapters were a mess, with odd writing and barely any gameplay left. Overall, a major miss.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
If there is something in between Yes and No I would chose that. Compared to all other Life is Strange games, this is weakest point. Last two chapters are mess, rushed story and bad ending. Also I feel there is not much actual choice. Also in the whole game in general romance is forced for no reason, it doesn't have to do anything with a story. It's just to be there, to be edgy. Characters have no personality and you can't really read them or put yourself into their thoughts. Dialogs are poor aswell.
There are positive things and game is OK but nothing special. Would I recommend? I would say wait a sale if you like the Life is Strange games.
Publicada el 15 de octubre
its so badly optimised to the point that if u dont have the number 1 graphics card on the market dont even bother trying, unless u want to play with graphics worse than 2013s motion capture (ps: the top graphics card will only get you around 30 fps too so good luck x)
Publicada el 30 de octubre
Michel Koch, one of the creators of the original life is strange wrote ""From what I read I think we would not have written things the same way. But I felt the same with the comics and before the storm and I kind of accepted it. I’m pretty sure when I play the full game I won't recognize my characters but that’s also inevitable with different writers"

I don't recognize this Max Caufield. I don't recognize the Chloe through her text messages and other things. The game is good. The only con is the presence of Max and the disrespect towards the original characters.

I am not questioning the Pricefield thing, it's okay, people grow. But the dialogues or the way the writers wrote the characters is fundamentally flawed. The change doesn't feel it came out of growth but rather they are just not the same characters at all. You can change the names and it wouldn't matter.






I felt betrayed with that ending. This was not a life is strange game. It just copied the formula of the original game with pretty graphics and a would-be amazing concept but it falls flat.
Publicada el 30 de octubre
what was that ending.. was there even one? What was the point? Nothing really got resolved at all..? I liked Chapters 1-3, but after that the writing got really bad.
Publicada el 23 de noviembre
Might as well remove the choices matter tag. Nothing you do has any real bearing the ending.

Most of the characters are uninspiring; the acts are too short to really get to know any of them anyway. Deck Nine seems to have forgotten that the Life is Strange was never about ""Super Powers"" but about friendship, family, and making tough choices.

It's major step down even from Deck Nine's ""True Colors"" which also failed to capture a lot of the great elements of Don't Nod's foundation in the first two games. The game plays like a poorly executed fan service, bringing back Max and giving us nothing in return but 40 bucks extra for cat content. What a joke.

Its a shame, really. The individual performances were pretty great, from Hannah Telle especially.

Do better, D9.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Disrespectful to anything the first game represented. Bland, unoriginal, nostalgia bait.
I felt like this series started going downhill in LIS2 and even more so in LIS3.
I thought things were looking up in LIS3 with the environment and storytelling but damn was this a disappointment.
First of all don't waste your money on the DLC. It does not add very much to the story itself and I would love for these unoriginal posers to lose funding to save this story from being even more tarnished.
This was obviously extremely rushed. Dozens of unavoidable bugs and glitches, terrible dialogue, odd choices (you're basically forced to causally flirt with everyone), and I felt no personal connection to any of the characters (besides Gwen, the only character to have some rational character development).
And the hint of another game is insane? With what budget?
Also if you're an achievement junkie like me know that you will have to play the game at least 4-5 times to be able to get all of the achievements (many of them are route/ romance based).
Please either hand this game back to the original creators or listen to your fan base.
If I could rewind time and prevent myself from playing this game, I would in a heartbeat.
Publicada el 29 de octubre
So many things to like about this game, but so very many more reasons to dislike it.
The biggest problem is the fact that they released the game in a broken state, and they still haven't given players as much as an acknowledgement of the issues. You have a 50% chance to encounter a memory leak anytime you switch locations in the game or first load into it, the animations are buggy, some animations don't play, some parts seem straight up unfinished or at least unpolished. Then there's the issue of them raising the minimum requirements from the last game by like 5 generations, when the graphics almost look worse compared to True Colors (not to mention the immense lighting issues that still aren't fixed regardless of the ""fix patch""). Couldn't spare even the tiniest bit of optimization for this game.

Now, technical issues aside, making a sequel to the original game was such a bad move when you knew both endings couldn't be fully respected. I like seeing Max in this new environment and the ways in which she's grown and changed, but the game should've been made based only on the bay ending and not both of them. And speaking of changes to Max, there's some that really irk me. Max is now weirdly flirty and sometimes mean and cold, not at all like the awkward and geeky yet strong-willed Max from the first game. Again, this could be written off as people changing as they age but such a big shift in personality with really no explanation for it feels weird to me. The new characters introduced are mostly fun, I especially like Safi, but I almost feel like the game could be better with a whole new protagonist and not Max.

With Max returning Hannah Telle thankfully makes a comeback as the voice of Max which I love, but unfortunately it seems there is something truly wrong with the voice direction of the game. The voice Hannah Telle puts on for Max in this game compared to the original is very different. I don't understand why, because I love Hannah Telle's normal voice in interviews and such, but here she is made to speak in a strangely low tone and kind of sluggishly. Then there's the interesting choice of bringing back Rhianna DeVries (Before the Storm Chloe) as the voice of Chloe for the flashback scenes instead of Ashly Burch (Original Life is Strange Chloe). I guess it would otherwise be okay, but because of the voice direction the performance Rhianna DeVries delivers for Chloe in this game sounds nothing like the voice she gave her in Before the Storm, which just makes it sound like a whole different character.

Anyway, there are several things to enjoy about the game, like the soundtrack, a new somewhat interesting story, some moments of Max reflecting on the past etc., but at the moment I can't recommend buying this game. If you're a die-hard fan of the series like me, this game feels like an insult to the fandom in many ways. If you're new to the series this game will honestly not make a lot of sense to you, since it's so tied to the first game (which is another thing, why is this being marketed as something that is very accessible to play as your first Life is Strange game??). Overall I'd say it might be worth your money on sale IF they fix the performance and visual issues, but it still probably ISN'T worth your time.
Publicada el 8 de diciembre
I waited nine years for a continuation in Max's story.

And this is the ♥♥♥♥ that I get.

Marvel-tier dialogue and storybeats. The characters are not memorable and the love interests are shallow. I actively dislike most of the cast and the one (ONE) character that I did like gets pushed off the plot faster than when they arrived.
Do not purchase this absolute garbage. ♥♥♥♥ story. ♥♥♥♥ characters.
Publicada el 31 de octubre
Double Exposure's focus is too heavily on the supernatural powers, it felt like watching a Marvel movie. Not even the beautiful graphics and soundtrack could save this game. It severely lacks the depth and appeal that made us all fall in love with the first game in the franchise. Very disappointed with how they handled this one, it felt like a slap on the face for the older fans.
It's unfortunately a no from me, even though Hannah Telle's voice acting was amazing.
